Title: Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical
The Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical is an honor presented to producers for quality remixed recordings at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards. Honors in several categories are presented at the ceremony annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".
The award was first presented as the Grammy Award for Remixer of the Year, Non-Classical at the 40th Grammy Awards in 1998 to Frankie Knuckles. While the award was under this name, it was presented without specifying a work; when it shifted to its current name in 2002 works were named. According to the category description guide for the 52nd Grammy Awards, the award is presented "to recognize an individual(s) who takes previously recorded material and adds or alters it in such a way as to create a new and unique performance". The prize is given to the remixer(s), not the original artist(s).
French DJ David Guetta, British producer Jacques Lu Cont, and Skrillex have each won the award twice. Kaskade and Steve "Silk" Hurley each have the most nominations at four, although neither artist has won the award. American producer Maurice Joshua was nominated in 2001 and 2003, and then won in 2004 for the Maurice's Soul Mix of "Crazy in Love". Dave Audé was nominated three times for the award, winning once, while Frankie Knuckles, David Morales, Roger Sanchez, Hex Hector and Deep Dish have each been nominated for the award twice and have won it once.

Recipients
^[I]  Each year is linked to the article about the Grammy Awards held that year.

Artists with multiple wins
2 wins
David Guetta
Jacques Lu Cont
Skrillex

Artists with multiple nominations
See also
Audio mixing (recorded music)
List of Grammy Award categories

References
External links
Official site of the Grammy Awards Archived 2014-05-07 at the Wayback Machine

Title: The Tamale Vendor
The Tamale Vendor is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle and starring Tom Patricola and Charles Judels.

See also
Fatty Arbuckle filmography

External links
The Tamale Vendor at IMDb

Title: Donald Von Raesfeld Power Plant
The Donald Von Raesfeld Power Plant (DVRPP) is a natural gas power plant in Santa Clara, California, operated by Silicon Valley Power.  Located near the San Jose International Airport it began operations in 2005 with a peak capacity of 147 megawatts.
DVRPP is a two-on-one combined cycle power plant, combining the output of two 50 MW combustion turbines with one 22MW steam turbine. The steam is generated from the heated exhaust from each combustion turbine, and steam output may be increased to meet peaking demands by using exhaust duct-mounted natural gas burners.

Infrastructure co-location
Santa Clara has been touted as the "data center capital of Silicon Valley" in part spurred by low power rates from Silicon Valley Power. DVRPP, along with a major Silicon Valley Power substation a block away, provide redundant high capacity power sources. In close proximity are major long-haul hubs for several Tier 1 Internet backbone providers for redundant high capacity Internet connection. Many large private and co-location data centers are located in or near Santa Clara, specifically the area surrounding DVRPP bounded by Hwy 101, Lafayette St, Central Expressway, Scott Boulevard and San Tomas Expressway.

See also
List of power stations in California


== References ==

Title: List of mountains of Vaud
This is a list of mountains of the Swiss canton of Vaud. Vaud is partly mountainous and is one of the nine cantons having summits above 3,000 metres. It is also one of the two cantons (with Bern) extending over both the high Alps and the Jura. Topographically, the three most important summits of the canton are those of the Diablerets (most elevated), the Vanil Noir (most prominent) and Mont Tendre (most isolated).
The first table lists the highest summits of the canton. It includes all summits above 2,800 metres with a topographic prominence of at least 30 metres (98 ft). The seconde table only includes significant summits with a topographic prominence of at least 150 metres (492 ft), but has no height cut-off. There are over 40 such summits in Vaud and they are mostly found in its westernmost and easternmost districts. All mountain heights and prominences on the list are from the largest-scale maps available.

Highest summits
Main list


== References ==

Title: Gustav Leonhardt
Gustav Maria Leonhardt (30 May 1928 – 16 January 2012) was a Dutch keyboardist, conductor, musicologist, teacher and editor. He was a leading figure in the historically informed performance movement to perform music on period instruments.
Leonhardt professionally played many instruments, including the harpsichord, pipe organ, claviorganum (a combination of harpsichord and organ), clavichord, fortepiano, and piano. He also conducted orchestras and choruses.

Biography
Gustav Leonhardt was born in 's-Graveland, near Hilversum, and studied organ and harpsichord from 1947 to 1950 with Eduard Müller at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis in Basel. In 1950, he made his debut as a harpsichordist in Vienna, where he studied musicology. He was professor of harpsichord at the Academy of Music from 1952 to 1955 and at the Amsterdam Conservatory from 1954. He was also a church organist.

Career
Leonhardt performed and conducted a variety of solo, chamber, orchestral, operatic, and choral music from the Renaissance, Baroque and Classical periods. The many composers whose music he recorded as a harpsichordist, organist, clavichordist, fortepianist, chamber musician or conductor included Johann Sebastian Bach, Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, Wilhelm Friedemann Bach, Heinrich Biber, John Blow, Georg Böhm, William Byrd, André Campra, François Couperin, Louis Couperin, John Dowland, Jacques Duphly, Antoine Forqueray, Girolamo Frescobaldi, Johann Jakob Froberger, Orlando Gibbons, André Grétry, George Frideric Handel, Jacques-Martin Hotteterre, Jean-Baptiste Lully, Claudio Monteverdi, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Georg Muffat, Johann Pachelbel, Henry Purcell, Jean-Philippe Rameau, Christian Ritter, Johann Rosenmüller, Domenico Scarlatti, Agostino Steffani, Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, Georg Philipp Telemann, Francisco Valls, Antonio Vivaldi, and Matthias Weckmann.
Central to Leonhardt's career was Johann Sebastian Bach. Leonhardt first recorded music of the composer in the early 1950s, with recordings in 1953 of the Goldberg Variations and The Art of Fugue. The latter embodies the thesis he had published the previous year arguing that the work was intended for the keyboard, a conclusion now widely accepted. The recordings helped establish his reputation as a distinguished harpsichordist and Bach interpreter. In 1954 he led the Leonhardt Baroque Ensemble with the English countertenor Alfred Deller in a pioneering recording of two Bach cantatas. The ensemble included his wife Marie Leonhardt, Eduard Melkus (violins), Alice Harnoncourt-Hoffelner (violin, viola), Nikolaus Harnoncourt (cello), and Michel Piguet (oboe).
In 1971, Leonhardt and Harnoncourt undertook the project of recording the complete Bach cantatas; the two conductors divided up the cantatas and recorded their assigned cantatas with their own ensembles. The project, the first cycle on period instruments, ended up taking nineteen years, from 1971 to 1990. In addition, Leonhardt recorded Bach's St Matthew Passion, Mass in B minor, Magnificat, and the complete secular cantatas, as well as the harpsichord concertos, Brandenburg Concertos, and most of his chamber and keyboard music; he recorded Bach's Goldberg Variations (three times), Partitas (twice), The Art of Fugue (twice), The Well-Tempered Clavier, French Suites, English Suites (twice), Inventions and Sinfonias, and many other individual works for the harpsichord, clavichord, or organ. To the surprise of some of his associates, Leonhardt accepted the role of Johann Sebastian Bach (played in a wig) in The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach, a 1968 film by Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet.
Between 1974 and 1990, Leonhardt served as editor of the primary scholarly collection of the works of Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, which is noted as SwWV or L.

Influence and awards
The keyboardist, conductor and scholar John Butt said, "...there's absolutely no doubting the enormous influence [Leonhardt] held over multiple generations of music making in the Baroque field"; in this discussion, Butt spoke of how much he learned from Leonhardt when preparing a chorus for him in the early 1990s. More generally, Leonhardt significantly influenced the technique and style of many harpsichordists through his teaching, editions, and recordings; his students and collaborators included harpsichordists and keyboard players such as Robert Hill, Bob van Asperen, John Butt, Lucy Carolan, Lisa Crawford, Alan Curtis, Menno van Delft, Richard Egarr, John Fesperman, John Gibbons, Pierre Hantaï, Frederick Renz, Elaine Thornburgh, Ketil Haugsand, Siebe Henstra, Philippe Herreweghe, Christopher Hogwood, Ton Koopman, Karyl Louwenaar, Charlotte Mattax, Davitt Moroney, Jacques Ogg, Martin Pearlman (music director of Boston Baroque), Edward Parmentier, Christophe Rousset, Louise Spizizen, Andreas Staier, Skip Sempé, Domenico Morgante, Peter Waldner, Francesco Cera, Jeannette Sorrell (music director of Apollo's Fire, The Cleveland Baroque Orchestra), Colin Tilney, Glen Wilson, and Chris Mary Francine Whittle.
Butt argues that Leonhardt's influence is not necessarily a simple, direct matter, but that some of his students consciously or unconsciously tried to play differently than he did. In comparing recordings of Bach's Goldberg Variations, Butt asserts that a "classic case" of the anxiety of influence is at work in the Goldberg recording by Ton Koopman, in which "what is immediately evident is the incessant ornamentation added to virtually every measure, often regardless of whether there is already obvious ornamentation in the notation.... my immediate reaction is often that this performance's principal message is 'Not Leonhardt'." Similarly, he says that "Bob van Asperen takes [Leonhardt's] rhythmic subtlety to a new extreme and perhaps presents the most rhythmically nuanced account of the work [The Goldberg Variations], one that will be ideal to some and mannered to others." By contrast, Butt argues, the younger Christophe Rousset plays the Goldberg Variations in a "meat-and-potatoes" manner with "a steady rhythm, even articulation, and a matter-of-fact presentation with little extra ornamentation," demonstrating that "certainly Rousset does not seem to count among the 'radical reactivists' [to Leonhardt] such as Koopman and van Asperen."
Leonhardt served as a member of the jury for the triennial International Harpsichord Concours of the Musica Antiqua Bruges. He was the only jury member who had participated in all sixteen juries from 1965 to 2010.
Among the awards given to him were the Medal of Honour for the Arts and Sciences from the Netherlands, presented to him by Queen Beatrix in 2009, and the 1980 Erasmus Prize, which he shared with Nicolaus Harnoncourt; it honored their recording of the complete Bach cantatas. (Leonhardt donated the money he received from the Erasmus Prize to Oudezijds 100, an ecumenical Christian charity operating "in the red-light district [of] Amsterdam" that "addresses the issues of drug-addicts, prostitutes, refugees, and the homeless."). Leonhardt was doctor honoris causa of the universities of Dallas, Amsterdam, Harvard, Metz and Padua. In 2007, he was made Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in France, and in 2008, Commander of the Order of the Crown in Belgium.
Leonhardt gave his last public performance on 12 December 2011 at the Théâtre des Bouffes du Nord in Paris. Thereafter, he announced his retirement due to illness and cancelled all of his 2012 engagements. He died of cancer in Amsterdam on Monday, 16 January 2012, aged 83.
Two asteroids were named after him: 9903 Leonhardt and 12637 Gustavleonhardt.

Collection
Leonhardt lived in a canal house on the Herengracht dating from about 1617, the Huis Bartolotti, and was a collector of decorative arts, paintings, and engravings. In 2014, his collection was auctioned by Sotheby's. His instruments were sold to a few former students, including Skip Sempé and Pierre Hantaï.

Bibliography
The art of fugue: Bach's last harpsichord work (Nijhoff, 1952)
In Praise of Flemish Virginals (in Keyboard instruments, by Edwin Ripin et al., Edinburgh University Press, 1971)
Amsterdams Onvoltooid Verleden [Amsterdam's unachieved past], Architectura & Natura, Amsterdam, November 1996
"Glanz des alten Klavierklanges" (sleeve text for "Gustav Leonhardt an historischen Cembali", BMG)
About The art of fugue (sleeve text for recording Deutsche Harmonia Mundi, 1969)
"Introduction", in Early Music, vol. 7, No. 4, Keyboard Issue 1 (October 1979)
"Points d'interrogation dans Froberger", in Hommage à F.L. Tagliavini (Patrone Editore, Bologna, 1995
Het huis Bartolotti en zijn bewoners [Bartolotti's house and its inhabitants], (Amsterdam, Meulenhoff, 1979)

References
Further reading
Menno van Delft, "Memories of Leonhardt and the Keyboard", in The Galpin Society Journal, March 2013, vol. 66, pp. 267–270.
Jacques Drillon, Sur Leonhardt (Gallimard, Paris, 2009).
Jed Wentz, 'On the Protestant Roots of Gustav Leonhardt's Performance Stye', in The Journal of the Riemenschneider Bach Institute, Vol. 48, No. 2 and Vol. 49, No. 1, 2018, 48–92.

Obituaries
Obituary in The Economist
Obituary in The Guardian
Obituary in the Daily Telegraph
Obituary in the New York Times

External links

Gustav Leonhardt at IMDb
Rayfield Allied profile
Short biography at www.bach-cantatas.com
Complete Discography
Performing Bach's Well-Tempered Clavier: modern harpsichordists, Gustav Leonhardt, and the "48" Archived 9 February 2010 at the Wayback Machine
Recollections of My Lessons with Gustav Leonhardt Archived 23 June 2018 at the Wayback Machine
Tribute by Davitt Moroney (accessed 27 September 2012)

Title: La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime
La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime ('Workers', Peasants' and Sailors' Brittany') was a weekly newspaper published 1935–1950 in Brittany, France. It was a regional organ of the French Communist Party in Brittany.
The newspaper was launched on October 5, 1935, by Auguste Havez. The launching of the new publication was helped by the communist parliamentarian Alain Signor. The newspaper was initially published from Douarnenez. It replaced the publication La République ouvrière et paysanne ('The Workers' and Peasants' Republic'). La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime was distributed throughout Finistère, Côtes-du-Nord and a section of Morbihan.
La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime was banned, along with all other communist newspapers, by the Daladier government in 1939. Around March/April 1941 it re-appeared as a clandestine publication in Brest, no longer as a weekly. It was distributed in Rennes and Nantes. A handful of copies of the newspaper from this period are archived at the French National Library.
In the post-war era, La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime was the organ of the Finistère Federation of the Communist Party. The newspaper was closed down in June 1950.

References
External links
La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime archives at the Bibliothèque nationale de France
La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime, Loire-Inférieure special edition archives at the Bibliothèque nationale de France
La Bretagne ouvrière, paysanne et maritime archives at the International Institute for Social History

Title: Periaptodes testator
Periaptodes testator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866. It is known from Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and possibly also Australia.


== References ==

Title: Santi Bartolomeo ed Alessandro dei Bergamaschi
Santi Bartolomeo ed Alessandro dei Bergamaschi (Saints Bartholomew the Apostle and Alexander of Bergamo of the people of Bergamo) is a little church in Piazza Colonna in Rome, Italy, next to Palazzo Wedekind.  Originally it was named Santa Maria della Pietà, from the high relief over the door. The present Santa Maria della Pietà in Rome is in Vatican City.
In its origins (1591) the church was the chapel erected by padre Ferrante Ruiz for the Ospedale dei Pazzarelli, Rome's first insane asylum. When this was moved to Via della Lungara in the 1720s, the church was given over to the Archiconfraternità dei Bergamaschi, who rebuilt it in 1731–35 to designs of Giuseppe Valvassori, added their patron saint to its dedication and used the hospital for their own sick.  It is the burial place of Cardinal Giuseppe Alessandro Furietti, antiquarian and native of Bergamo.
It is looked after by the Arciconfraternità, a historic association of Bergamaschi living in Rome that was begun in 1539.  It supports understanding of the culture, the values and the traditions of Bergamo and their fertile dialogue with those of Rome.
The Church hosted a painting of the Seven Archangels whose names had been scratched out by order of Cardinal 
Albizzi.

Notes
References
Touring Club Italiano (TCI), Roma e Dintorni 1962:175.

External links

Bergamo local site (in Italian)

Title: 1980 Emilia-Romagna regional election
The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party, with almost two times the votes of Christian Democracy. After the election Lanfranco Turci, the incumbent Communist President of the Region, formed a new government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party.


== Results ==

Title: Flat Island Wildlife Sanctuary
Flat Island is an island of the Andaman Islands.  It belongs to the North and Middle Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
the island is lying 150 km (93 mi) north from Port Blair.

Geography
The island is situated 2.3 km (1 mi) west of Great Andaman near the shores of Yadita village. And also this island wild life will be protected by the government and the flat island is also known as 2nd wild life sanctuary in the country

Administration
Politically, Flat Island is part of Rangat Tehsil.

Fauna
The island is the location of a wildlife sanctuary, although there is no station on the island.

References

Geological Survey of India
 Andaman and Nicobar Islands travel guide from Wikivoyage

Title: Göttin
Göttin is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.


== References ==

Title: Guillermina Dulché
Guillermina Dulché is a Mexican painter, whose work has been recognized with membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. Dulché was born in Silao, Guanajuato and spent most of her childhood there.  She took her first drawing and painting classes there with a local teacher, but when she was thirteen, she went to Mexico City to study art more formally.  She enrolled in the Academy of San Carlos and studied under José Chávez Morado, a friend of her family’s. At the same time she took classes at one of the Escuelas de Aire Libre and regular classes in middle and high school. The rest of her formal training, between 1958 and 1962 was under a number of teachers including Adolfo Mexiac, Antonio Ramírez, Luis Nishizawa, Santos Balmori, Gabriel Fernández Ledesma, Antonio Rodríguez Luna, Nicolás Moreno and others.
After her art studies she worked for a while as a restaurateur and a sketch artist at Teotihuacan for INAH. This led to a scholarship to do post graduate work in France with the L’ecole Nationale Supérieure des Beaux Arts and at the Louvre Museum.
Her career has spanned over four decades, as a painter, art historian, and teacher of art and art history. She has had over 42 individual exhibitions and has participated in over 230 collective shows in Mexico, Central and South America, Germany France, Kenya, Russia and the United States.


== References ==

Title: Waltraut Cooper
Waltraut Cooper (born 1937, Linz, Austria), is an Austrian artist, generally described as Light Artist, primarily concerned with Art and Science, Concept Art, Digital Art.
Waltraut Cooper studied mathematics and theoretical physics at the University of Vienna and the Paris-Sorbonne. After teaching at the University of California, Santa Barbara, she began a career as an artist and studied painting and graphic arts in Lisbon and Frankfurt am Main,  followed by teaching at the University of Arts in Linz. She speaks German, Latin, English, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Polish and Russian.
Works on the theme of art and science as well as large-scale light  installations were presented at the Venice Biennale 1986 / Art and Science, at the Venice Bienniale 1995, at a project of the City of Venice for the 2009 Biennale, Time Space Existence / Venice Architecture Biennale 2014 and Time Space Existence / Venice Architecture Biennale 2016. Further works were created in Vienna, Berlin, Rome, Paris, Montreal, Boston, Washington, New York and Peking.
Waltraut Cooper is regarded as a pioneer of digital art, and her Klangmikado (based on the game of “pickup sticks”), a commissioned work of Ars Electronica in 1984, as a classic of digital art. She has worked regularly with her husband, the mathematician James Bell Cooper, and her daughter Angela Cooper.
Her work, which focuses on media, light and architecture, has received numerous prizes [4]. She is a member of the International Women's Forum, member of the board of trustees of the Austrian Society for Cultural Policy, member of the International Kepes Society, Hungary, and corresponding member of the Académie Européenne des Sciences, des Arts et des Lettres, Paris. On May 18, 2010, the Ministry of Culture awarded her the honorary title of professor.
Cooper began her series of space installations in the mid 70's and progressed from traditional techniques to concentrate on light as the central medium for the development of her creativity. She now illuminates façades and whole buildings with computer controlled light and sound installations, which create an intensive connection to the public space. "Scarcely any artist has explored the tension between poetry and computer, between light and color as much as she has".
For her large project RAINBOW TRILOGY 1999–2015, a series of historically significant buildings in selected metropolises were flooded by colored light.  This project had three components:

RAINBOW ACROSS AUSTRIA 1999 at the end of a century darkened by two World War
RAINBOW FOR EUROPE 2004 on the occasion of the entry of ten new member states to the EU as the end of the wars in Europe
WORLDWIDE RAINBOW 2015, 70 years after the end of the World Wars as a gesture of hope for world peace, the greatest challenge of today.
Together, they stretched a rainbow across Austria, Europe, and finally, in 2015, over the whole planet, highlighting an iconic building on each continent. The project "Rainbow Trilogy" was presented at the Venice Architecture Biennale 2014.
She currently resides in Vienna, Austria.

See also
Light sculpture
Light art
Lumino kinetic art

Exhibitions (selection)
1986 Venice Biennale / Art and Science, light installation
1987 Wilhelm-Hack-Museum, Ludwigshafen, Mathematics in the Art of the Last 30 Years
1987 Amsterdam: Stedelijk Museum: The Art Machine
1988 Montreal: Images du Futur
1988 Linz: Ars Electronica
1988 Toulouse: F.A.U.S.T.
1989 Boston: SIGGRAPH
1991 New York Bronx Museum: Third Emerging Expressions Biennale
1995 Arte Laguna / Venice Biennale
1996 Bonn Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle of the Federal Republic of Germany: Art from Austria 1896–1996
1999 Paris Medienfestival: Pour une ecologie des media
1999 Rainbow across Salzburg
1999 Rainbow across Austria
2001 Rome Galleria d ́Arte Moderna: Diario
2002 Kopenhagen, Lux Europae
2004 Warsaw, Berlin, Rome, Vienna, Brussels, Moscow: Rainbow for Europe
2005 Karlsruhe, ZKM, Museum of Contemporary Art: Waterfall
2006 Waldenbruch: Museum Ritter: Lichtquadrat
2007 Würzburg, Museum im Kulturspeicher: Blue Lines
2007 Vienna, Austrian Parliament: Donaustrom
2008 Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs: EUR0 08
2008 Peking: Olympic Fine Arts
2009 Venedig, Isola Sant ́Erasmo: The Light of Sant’ Erasmo.
2010 Istanbul: Europäische Kulturhauptstadt: Light Fleet
2011 Wien: Leopold Museum: Eclairs Léopold
2012 Budapest: Vasarely Museum: Chance as Strategy
2012 Wels: Museum Angerlehner, Museum Bridge
2014 Time Space Existence / Venice Architecture Biennale
2014 Washington: Strathmore Fine Arts: WHAT’S UP: New Technologies in Art
2015 Vienna, Cairo, Beijing, Sydney, New York, Curitiba: Worldwide Rainbow
2015 Vienna Rainbow: Hofburg, Kunsthistorisches Museum, Natural History Museum
2016 Time Space Existence / Venice Architecture Biennale

Awards (selection)
2010 Conferment of the title professor by the Culture Ministry
2008 Nomination for the German Bridge Building Award for the pedestrian bridge over the Inn River,
1991 Award of the Great Golden Medal (Künstlerhaus Wien)
1990 Recognition, Prix Ars Electronica
1988 The Art Prize of the City of Linz
1985 State Scholarship for Fine Arts
1976 Theodor Körner Prize
1975 Landeskulturpreis for Upper Austria

External links
Rainbow Trilogy For Peace
Waltraut Cooper
Rainbow for Europe
Highlighting Borusan on YouTube
Interview with Waltraut Cooper on YouTube

Title: Anthela callispila
Anthela callispila is a species of moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in South Australia, New South Wales and Queensland.


== References ==

Title: Adrienne Johnson (basketball)
Adrienne Johnson (born February 5, 1974) is a former professional basketball player who spent eight seasons in the WNBA.

College
Johnson compiled over 1000 total points and averaged 13.0 points and 3.1 assists her senior year.

WNBA
She compiled 1018 points, 292 rebounds, and 132 assists in her eight seasons. She retired in 2005.

Jobs after playing career
University of Louisville
Women's basketball program's executive director for player relations
Athletic department's outreach coordinator (six years)
Analyst for the Louisville women's basketball radio broadcasts

Awards and honors
College
All-Big Ten honors (1996)

WNBA
WNBA's first Hometown Hero Award (2000)

Career statistics
WNBA
Regular season
Playoffs
College
Personal life
Johnson earned a  bachelor's degree in exercise physiology from Ohio State University.

References
External links
Adrienne Johnson Bio - GoCards.com at the Wayback Machine (archived 2015-07-11)
"All-Time WNBA draft history". WNBA. Archived from the original on May 9, 2008. Retrieved June 4, 2008.

Career statistics from WNBA.com and Basketball Reference

Title: 2020 in the United Nations
The following lists events that happened with or in collaboration with the United Nations and its agencies in the year 2020.

Leadership
Secretary General of the United Nations
António Manuel de Oliveira Guterres ( Portugal)

Deputy Secretary General of the United Nations
Amina Jane Mohammed ( Nigeria)

President of the General Assembly
Volkan Bozkır ( Turkey)

President of the Economic and Social Council
Mona Juul (July 25, 2019 — July 22) ( Norway)
Munir Akram (July 23 — Present) ( Pakistan)

United Nations Agencies
Director-General of the Universal Postal Union (UPU)
Bishar Hussein ( Kenya)
Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO)
Tedros Adhanom ( Ethiopia)
Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA)
Natalia Kanem ( Tanzania)
Executive Director of the World Food Programme (WFP)
David Beasley ( United States of America)
Secretary General of the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO)
Zurab Pololikashvili ( Georgia)
Secretary General of the World Meteorological Organization (WMO)
Petteri Taalas ( Finland)

United Nations Department and Offices
High Commissioners for Human Rights for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR)
Michelle Bachelet ( Chile)
Under-Secretary-General for the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS)
Heidi Mendoza ( Philippines)

International Observances
International Years
International Year of Plant Health
International Year of the Nurse and the Midwife

International Decades
United Nations Decade of Family Farming (2019-2028)
International Decade for Action "Water for Sustainable Development" (2018-2028)
Third United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (2018-2027)
United Nations Decade of Action on Nutrition (2016-2025)
Third Industrial Development Decade for Africa (2016-2025)
International Decade for People of African Descent (2015-2024)
United Nations Decade of Sustainable Energy for All (2014-2024)
Decade of Action for Road Safety (2011-2020)
Third International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism (2011-2020)
United Nations Decade on Biodiversity (2011-2020)
United Nations Decade for Deserts and the Fight against Desertification (2010-2020)
Nelson Mandela Decade of Peace (2019-2028)

Events
January
1 January: The United Nations launches UN75 Dialogues intended to engage opinion polling in over 50 countries as the organization plans to celebrate its 75th anniversary.
22 January: The World Health Organization (WHO) convenes an emergency expert committee on an outbreak of coronavirus in Wuhan, China in order to determine whether it should be designated a public health emergency of international concern.

February
The first round of UN brokered peace talks led by the United Nations Support Mission in Libya concludes in Geneva, Switzerland without a full ceasefire agreement.

March
5 March: The fifth UN Secretary General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar has passed away at age 100. The first and only Latin American head of the UN so far, Cuéllar held the position for ten years.
23 March: UN Secretary-General Guterres issues the 'Appeal for Global Ceasefire', a call for a global ceasefire.
24 March: The UN Security Council convenes its first ever private video-teleconferencing meeting, covering the UN Organization Stabilization Mission (MONUSCO) in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It comes after a month-long debate on new Security Council working methods.
30 March: For the first time in history, UN Security Council members vote in writing, conveying their positions by email. They unanimously approved four resolutions: one on the UN Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM); one relating to the Panel of Experts assisting the work of the 1718 Democratic People's Republic of Korea Sanctions Committee; another on the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur; and a new resolution on improving safety and security of peacekeepers.

April
15 April: US President Donald Trump withholds funding to the World Health Organization (WHO) over its handling of the COVID-19 outbreak.
25 April: The United Nations commemorates the 75th anniversary of the San Francisco Conference with the first annual International Delegates Day.

May
10 May: Three Chadian peacekeepers with MINUSMA were killed, and four wounded, in a roadside bomb attack in Aguelhok, Mali. Members of the Security Council condemned the attack and called upon the government of Mali to swiftly investigate the attack and bring the perpetrators to justice.
14 May: The government of Burundi expels four members of the WHO from the country.
21 May: Secretary-General António Guterres launches a new initiative dubbed, Verified, to fight misinformation related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. Led by the UN Department of Global Communications, the initiative plans to partner with UN agencies, influences, business, media organizations and others to share accurate content.
25 May: For the first time ever, the UN Military Gender Advocate Award was given to two UN Peacekeepers, Brazilian Naval officer, Carla Monteiro de Castro Araujo, and Indian Army Major, Suman Gawani. Nominated by force commanders, the award recognizes the effort of individual peacekeepers to promote the role of women in peace operations.
28 May: Michelle Bachelet, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, condemns the murder of George Floyd and urges "serious action" to stop the US police killings of African Americans. She also urged protestors to air the grievances peacefully and for police to restrain further use of excessive force.

June
3 June: Nearly 50 medical experts and first responders from the World Health Organization, arrived in Mbandaka, Democratic Republic of the Congo with vaccines and tests to respond to the a new outbreak of Ebola.
17 June:
Turkish Diplomat Volkan Bozkir is elected to preside over the landmark 75th session of the UN General Assembly. He was the sole candidate.
The 2020 UN Security Council Elections fill four of the five non-permanent seats available for two-year mandates commencing on 1 January 2021. India, Mexico, Ireland, and Norway are elected in the first round of socially distanced voting.
18 June: In a second round of voting, Kenya is elected to fill the one remaining non-permanent seat on the Security Council, defeating Djibouti in the 2020 UN Security Council Elections.
19 June: The UN Human Rights Council unanimously adopts a resolution asking the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights prepare "a report on systemic racism, violations of international human rights law against Africans and people of African descent by law enforcement agencies, especially those incidents that resulted in the death of George Floyd and other Africans and of people of African descent" as well as an examination of the "governments responses to anti-racism peaceful process peaceful protests, including the alleged use of excessive force against protesters, bystanders and journalists."
24 June: In an initiative led by Malaysia, 172 member states and observers endorse Secretary General Guterres' call for a global ceasefire during the COVID-19 pandemic. The statement is unbinding and has no legal binding on any country.
26 June:
In a virtual ceremony, the UN celebrates the 75th anniversary of the signing of the UN Charter. The Charter was signed in San Francisco, USA on 26 June 1945 at the end of the United Nations Conference on International Organization.
Nearly 50 independent UN Human Rights experts highlighted their concern on the human rights situation in China. They voiced concern for many actions including but not limited to allegations of forced labor; arbitrary interferences with the right to privacy; restrictive cybersecurity, anti-terrorism, and sedition laws; the retaliation against journalists, medical workers and others speaking out about COVID-19; the repression of ethnic minorities in Xinjiang and Tibet; and the repression of protests and democracy advocacy in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR). They urged China to "withdraw the draft national security law for Hong Kong”.
The UN Office of Internal Oversight Services launches investigation into a social media video that shows a woman straddling a man on the back seat engaging in a sex act in a UN marked vehicle. The equipment likely belongs to the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO).

July
1 July: With regard to Secretary-General António Guterres' global ceasefire appeal, the UN Security Council passes resolution S/RES/2532 (2020), demanding a "a general and immediate cessation of hostilities in all situations on its agenda" and expressing support for "the efforts undertaken by the Secretary-General and his Special Representatives and Special Envoys" in that respect.
14 July: The International Court of Justice rules in favor of Qatar, rejecting an appeal by Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), allowing the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) to determine the legality of a 2017 package of sanctions which included air blockades.

September
7 September: The world commemorates the first International Day of Clean Air after a 2019 General Assembly resolution recognized the importance of clean air and the impact of air pollution on human health and ecosystems.
22 September: The 75th session of the UN General Assembly's first day of the high-level General Debate starts virtually, with member states submitting a pre-recorded video. The 75th session will see the introduction of the ‘silence procedure.’ Under this method, draft resolutions are circulated by the President of the General Assembly, which gives Member States a deadline of at least 72 hours, to raise objections. If there are no objections, the President circulates a letter, confirming that the resolution has been adopted.

October
9 October: The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided to award the 2020 Nobel Peace Prize to the World Food Programme (WFP).

December
2 December: The WHO's Commission on Narcotic Drugs (CND) voted to remove cannabis from Schedule IV, which includes drugs that are recognized as having little to no therapeutic purposes. 27 members voted in favor, 25 against, and one abstained. its use for non-medical and non-scientific purposes will remain illegal.

Scheduled events
October
The 15th meeting of the Conference of Parties (COP) to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in Kunming, China is set to mark the end of the United Nations Decade on Biodiversity. The COP is expected to adopt a post-2020 global biodiversity framework.

Postponed events
The 26th session of the Conference of the Parties (COP26) of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) was scheduled to take place on 9–19 November in Glasgow, UK but in May 2020 was rescheduled for November 2021.

References
External links
UN News
International Observances

Title: Abasi
Abasi may refer to:

Afghan abasi, Afghan money
Abasi, Karnataka, a village in India
Tosin Abasi (born 1983), American guitarist

See also
Abassi (disambiguation)
Abbasi (disambiguation)
Ikot Abasi (disambiguation)

Title: Three Way
Three Way is a 2004 neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Scott Ziehl and starring Dominic Purcell, Joy Bryant, Ali Larter, Desmond Harrington, Dwight Yoakam and Gina Gershon. The plot, based on Gil Brewer's pulp novel Wild To Possess, concerns a kidnapping plot. The film was released also with titles 3-way and Three Way Split.

Plot
When Lew Brookbank (Dominic Purcell) learns that his wife is having an affair with another man, he grabs his gun and goes in search of revenge, only to find the two in bed together on his boat, murdered. Between a strong motive for killing the two of them and a shady past, Lew fears he will be the police's prime suspect, and so dumps the bodies into the ocean, abandons the boat, and leaves San Diego.
Settling in a town outside Santa Barbara, he finds work making signboards, meets a girl, Rita (Joy Bryant), and goes on with life as before. Working along the side of the road one evening placing signboards, he stumbles upon a couple, Isobel (Ali Larter) and Ralph (Desmond Harrington), planning the kidnapping and murder of Ralph's wife, Florence (Gina Gershon). He immediately devises a plan to steal the ransom money from the two of them. It is at this time that Herbert (Dwight Yoakam), brother of Lew's late-wife's lover, appears, claiming to know that it Lew who is responsible for his brother's disappearance and promising to turn over a gun left on the boat where the two had been killed.
Ralph kidnaps his wife Florence with the help of his girlfriend Isobel and keeps her in a boat. Lew has been following them and takes Florence away from the boat. Then he phones Ralph anonymously, threatening to call police unless he cuts him in for half the ransom money. Ralph agrees. Ralph and Isobel suspect that it is Florence who has some accomplice of her own and is blackmailing them. Lew sends Rita to get the money from Ralph. But Lew's plans turns awry when Herbert interrupts and kills Florence. When Rita comes back she finds Herbert struggling with Lew and shoots him dead. She later finds that the money she brought from Ralph is fake. Lew goes to Isobel and Ralph to ask them about the real money. Meanwhile Rita tips off the police. Soon the police come and arrest Lew, Ralph and Isobel. Lew is released on the verdict of Rita who had hidden the real money herself.

Cast
Dominic Purcell as Lewis "Lew" Brookbank
Joy Bryant as Rita Caswell
Ali Larter as Isobel Delano
Desmond Harrington as Ralph Hagen
Dwight Yoakam as Herbert Claremont / Clarkson
Gina Gershon as Florence DeCroix Hagen
Roxana Zal as Janice Brookbank
Dan Martin as Patrolman
Al Israel as The Cashier

References
External links
Three Way at IMDb
Three Way at Rotten Tomatoes

Title: Prunus 'Kanzan'
Prunus 'Kanzan' (Prunus serrulata 'Kanzan'. syn. Prunus lannesiana 'Kanzan', Cerasus Sato-zakura Group 'Sekiyama' Koidz, Kwanzan or Sekiyama, Japanese 関山) is a flowering cherry cultivar. It was developed in the Edo period in Japan as a result of multiple interspecific hybrids based on the Oshima cherry.
It is a deciduous tree that grows to between 1 and 9 metres (3 ft 3 in and 29 ft 6 in) high with an 8-metre (25 ft) spread. Young trees have a vase-shaped habit that becomes more spreading into maturity. In winter they produce red buds, opening to 5-centimetre (2 in) diameter deep-pink double flowers.
The trees, which are usually propagated by chip budding or grafting, prefer a well-drained location in full sun.

'Kanzan' has pink petals, which are thought to have unexpectedly inherited the characteristics of the white Oshima cherry. The petals of the common Oshima cherry are white, but in rare cases, the petals are slightly pink due to the effect of anthocyanin, a biological pigment, and the petals are sometimes dark pink due to exposure to low temperature just before the flowers fall. The pink color of the Oshima cherry is generally suppressed in the wild, but it is thought that a mutation occurred during selection breeding to produce pink individuals, and then kanzan was produced.
'Kanzan' is the most popular Japanese cherry tree cultivar for cherry blossom viewing in Europe and North America. Compared with Yoshino cherry, a representative Japanese cultivar, it is popular because it grows well even in cold regions, is small and easy to plant in the garden, and has large flowers and deep pink petals. In the city of Bonn, Germany, there is a row of cherry trees where 300 'kanzan' trees were planted in the late 1980s. In Western countries, 'Pink Perfection' and 'Royal Burgundy' originating from Kanzan have been created.


== References ==

Title: Claudia de Breij
Claudia de Breij (born 13 March 1975) is a Dutch comedian, singer, show host and radio disk jockey.

In 2010, she won the Dutch Poelifinario prize for best cabaret program.


== Notes ==

Title: Melissa Brown (tennis)
Melissa Brown (born April 11, 1968) is a former tennis player from the U.S. who was a quarter-finalist at the 1984 French Open. In this tournament, she defeated Hélène Cedet, Wendy White, Michelle Torres and Zina Garrison, then lost to Hana Mandlíková.

References
External links
Melissa Brown at the Women's Tennis Association 
Melissa Brown at the International Tennis Federation

Title: Ethmia zebrata
Ethmia zebrata is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It is found in Mexico.


== References ==

Title: Edward L. Hearn
Count Edward Leo Hearn  (August 2, 1865 – July 12, 1945) was the fifth Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus from April 1, 1899, to August 31, 1909.

Early life and career
Hearn was born in the Fort Hill neighborhood of Roxbury in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1865 to Irish immigrants. His father was a tailor, and he had two brothers and a sister. One brother, Edward, became a Jesuit priest. The family moved to Hopkinton, Massachusetts, and he graduated from Hopkinton High School.
Hearn had private tutors who prepared him for college, but upon graduation instead went to work at a shoe factory. He then became a traveling salesman and opened a shoe store in Laconia, New Hampshire. He eventually became president of the insurance firm the Casualty Company of America. For a time he lived in South Framingham, Massachusetts.
He was friends with Joseph Pelletier and Condé Benoist Pallen.

Knights of Columbus
Massachusetts
Hearn was the founding grand knight of the Coeur de Leon Council of the Knights of Columbus in Framingham, Massachusetts. He served three terms as grand knight from 1894 to 1896, and from 1895 to 1899 was a supreme director of the order. In 1897 he was elected the second State Deputy of the Massachusetts Knights of Columbus from February 2, 1897, to September 1, 1899. As state deputy, he increased the number of councils to over 100, and to over 10,000 members.

Supreme Knight
At the 1899 convention, Hearn was in his hotel room when Congressman William S. McNary knocked on his door on the evening following the first session. McNary and several others entered his room and informed him that after a night of caucusing that he was their choice for Supreme Knight. Hearn initially declined, citing the demands of his job as a traveling salesman. He eventually agreed to allow his name to be put forth, and the next morning he was elected the fifth Supreme Knight in 1899 by a vote of 30-26. He would hold that office for ten years.
Following his election, Hearn moved to New Haven, Connecticut. During those years the number of councils grew from around 300 to over 1,300, membership climbed from 40,000 to nearly 230,000, and 40 new jurisdictions were established. The Order also spread further across the country in 31 states and the around globe in Mexico, Cuba, Panama, and the Philippines.
During a visit to Mexico City in September 1905 to oversee the establishment of Guadalupe Council number 1050, the first council south of the Rio Grande, he was greeted by Mexican President Porfirio Díaz at the home of John B. Frisbie. During his second visit the following February to confer the third degree, a banquet was held in his honor and he met with Archbishop Próspero Alarcón.
As Supreme Knight, he was instrumental in raising funds to endow a chair of American history at Catholic University of America. Hearn, who viewed the Order as a sort of Catholic anti-defamation league, said at the presentation of the check that "non-Catholic historians ... find no room in their histories to laud the magnificent work done in the early days of the nation by the Catholic missionaries and Catholic pioneers, ...These are the evils we seek to remedy by founding this Chair of American History." He also raised funds to establish a scholarship fund for graduate students to attend the national university.
As Supreme Knight, Hearn also oversaw the institution of the Fourth Degree of the order and was involved in Catholic anti-deformation efforts.

European work
Hearn declined another term as Supreme Knight, but retired from the insurance industry in 1910 so that he could work full-time with the Knights of Columbus. During and after the Knights' efforts in World War I, Hearn became the Knights' Overseas Commissioner, overseeing the order's support of the troops and post-war rehabilitation work.
He was also called upon by the Vatican to oversee several charitable works, including the Knights' project to build playgrounds for children in Rome. This request came at the personal request of Pope Benedict XV, who was worried about Protestant churches who were moving into Rome, dedicating churches on the "Anniversary of the Downfall of Papal Power," and setting up athletic facilities with the intent of converting the young people of Rome. Benedict's successor, Pope Pius XI, insisted that the facilities be open to all regardless of religion, a prospect which pleased Hearn, and donated a parcel of land for the project, that he could see from his apartment in the Vatican.
As Hearn was preparing to shut down the Order's work in Europe in the early 1920s, he reported back that Pope Benedict's request came as a surprise to him. Following the request, he proposed that the Knights should establish a headquarters in Rome where English speaking tourists could be received and at least two athletic fields with showering facilities to be overseen by Italians. The Board approved Hearn's requests and awarded him an initial salary of $6,000 a year, which was later increased to $10,000 a year.
Several years later, amid tensions between the Italian government and the Vatican, comments attributed to Hearn in a Paris newspaper caused the Vatican to ask the Knights to recall Hearn back to the United States. Hearn, who had already announced his intention to retire following the completion of a project in Rome, returned to the United States in the early 1930s. Upon his return, the Board authorized a temporary salary of $5,000 a year for Hearn to work as a consultant to the Order.

Personal life and later years
Hearn was honored with the Order of St. Sylvester, Order of St. Gregory the Great, Order of Malta, and the Order of St. Pius IX. He was created a Papal count by Pope Pius XI in 1926. France awarded him the Legion of Honor and Belgium decorated him with the Order of Leopold II. He was also a Privy Chamberlain of the Order of the Sword and the Cape.
With his wife, Mary (née Healey), Hearn had one son and one daughter. After stepping down as Supreme Knight, he moved to Mamaroneck, New York.
Hearn died July 12, 1945, in Mamaroneck, and is interred at St. Peter's Cemetery in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. The gravesite was restored and a plaque was added in 1990.

Notes
References
Works cited
Lapomarda, Vincent A. (1992). The Knights of Columbus in Massachusetts (second ed.). Norwood, Massachusetts: Knights of Columbus Massachusetts State Council.
Kauffman, Christopher J. (1982). Faith and Fraternalism: The History of the Knights of Columbus, 1882–1982. Harper and Row. ISBN 978-0-06-014940-6.

Title: Syngamus
Syngamus is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Syngamidae.
The genus has almost cosmopolitan distribution.
Species:

Syngamus anterogonimus Ryjikov, 1949
Syngamus gibbocephalus Ryjikov, 1949
Syngamus merulae Baylis, 1926
Syngamus microspiculum Skrjabin, 1915
Syngamus palustris Ryjikov, 1949
Syngamus taiga Ryjikov, 1949
Syngamus trachea (Montagu, 1811)
Syngamus trachealis Siebold, 1836


== References ==

Title: Preston Township, Richland County, Illinois
Preston Township is located in Richland County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,247 and it contained 635 housing units.  Before May 2, 1859, this locale was known as Douglas Township.: Township Names

Geography
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of 41.53 square miles (107.6 km2), of which 40.73 square miles (105.5 km2) (or 98.07%) is land and 0.8 square miles (2.1 km2) (or 1.93%) is water.

Demographics
References
External links
City-data.com
Illinois State Archives

Title: Indian Camp Run
Indian Camp Run is a stream in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Indian Camp Run most likely took its name from a nearby rock where Native Americans were known to camp.

See also
List of rivers of West Virginia


== References ==

Title: Israel Stuttering Association
The Israel Stuttering Association (Hebrew: ארגון המגמגמים בישראל, AMBI) is a public non-profit charitable organization that supports people in Israel who stutter, and their families.
The association seeks to enhance public knowledge about stuttering, runs self-help groups, and promotes affordable treatment for people who stutter. It also organizes conferences and meetings for people who stutter, speech language therapists, and anyone interested in stuttering.
As of 2023, the association's CEO is Omri Lipzin. It publishes a journal: OutLoud (Hebrew title: Bekol Ram).
AMBI is a member of the European League of Stuttering Associations and the International Stuttering Association.

See also
Cluttering
Stuttering therapy

References
External links
Official website

Title: Djang'kawu
The Djang'kawu,  also spelt Djanggawul  or Djan'kawu, are creation ancestors in the mythology of the Yolngu people of Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is one of the most important stories in Aboriginal Australian mythology, and concerns the moiety known as Dhuwa.

Background
The Djanggawul/Djang'kawu myth specifically concerned the Dua (Dhuwa) moiety of people, including about a third of the clans that lived in north-east Arnhem Land. The humans born of the two sisters are the ancestors of the Rirratjingu clan. According to Milirrpum Marika (1983): "The base, foundation, culture, our Djang'kawu, the base of the Dhuwa moiety only, of the Dhuwa moiety and its various songs".

Story
The Djang'kawu are three siblings, two female and one male, who created the landscape of Australia and covered it with flora and fauna. They came by canoe from the island of Baralku (Burralku) in the east at night-time, guided by the Morning Star (the planet Venus), landing at Yalangbara. The sisters, Bitjiwurrurru and Madalatj, were the custodians of ceremonial law, and carried with them their digging sticks, feathered headwear and sacred objects hidden in their basket and mats. The objects changed into various landforms along their route, and they created freshwater wells at Yalangbara by plunging their digging sticks into the sand, after which the digging sticks turned into a variety of plant species. Their clap sticks (bilma) turned into rock formations.
At a site known as Balma, high among the sand dunes, the Djang'kawu sisters gave birth to the first of the Rirratjingu clan, and performed the first ngarra ceremony, which is now one of the major ceremonies of the region.
The story includes a meeting with Makassans (Bayini) cooking trepang (dharripa)  on the island of Wapilina in Lalawuy Bay. The siblings ask them to leave their land.
The Djang'kawu continue westwards, producing more offspring which gave rise to other clans of the Dhuwa moiety.

In art
A collection of bark paintings by Mawalan Marika entitled Djan'kawu story (1959) is held by the Art Gallery of New South Wales.

Major exhibition
The Yalangbara: art of the Djang'kawu touring exhibition, instigated by Mawalan Marika's daughter, artist Banduk Marika, and developed with the assistance of other family members and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory at Darwin, opened at the National Museum of Australia from 7 December 2010. This was the first major survey exhibition of the Marikas' work, and covers around 50 named sites in the Yalangbara peninsula that were traversed by the Djang'kawu journey. It followed a 2008 monograph of the same name, edited by Margie West and produced in partnership with Banduk Marika and other members of the family. The exhibition featured not only contemporary prints and other items, but also works produced at the Yirrkala mission in the 1930s, bark paintings dating from the 1950s, drawings in crayon commissioned by anthropologist Ronald Berndt, and the Djang'kawu digging stick, borrowed from its usual place alongside the Yirrkala bark petitions in Parliament House in Canberra. The exhibition also travelled to the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory in Darwin and the Western Australian Museum in Perth in late 2011 and 2012.

Official recognition of significance
The significance of the story is recognised in the forthcoming (2022) assessment of Yalangbara for inclusion in the National Heritage List or Commonwealth Heritage List.

See also
Baijini, a mythical or historical people mentioned in the Djang'kawu songline
Djanggawul Fossae, a feature on the planet Pluto


== References ==

Title: Elektra Records
Elektra Records (or Elektra Entertainment) is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group, founded in 1950 by Jac Holzman and Paul Rickolt. It played an important role in the development of contemporary folk and rock music between the 1950s and 1970s. In 2004, it was consolidated into WMG's Atlantic Records Group. After five years of dormancy, the label was revived as an imprint of Atlantic in 2009. In October 2018, Elektra was detached from the Atlantic Records umbrella and reorganized into Elektra Music Group, once again operating as an independently managed frontline label of Warner Music. In June 2022, Elektra Music Group was merged with 300 Entertainment to create the umbrella label 300 Elektra Entertainment (3EE), though both Elektra and 300 continued to maintain their separate identities as labels.

History
1950–1971: Founding and early history
Elektra was formed in 1950, as the Elektra-Stratford Record Corporation, with a singles label called Stratford Records, by Jac Holzman and Paul Rickolt in Holzman's St. John's College dorm room. Each invested $300. The usual spelling of the Greek mythological Pleiad Electra was changed. Holzman famously explained, "I gave her the 'K' that I lacked". He found the 'C' in the original name "too soft", but liked the "solid bite" of the letter 'K', citing its use in the Kodak name.
The first Elektra LP, New Songs (EKLP 1 released March 1951), was a collection of Lieder and similar art songs, which sold few copies. During the 1950s and early 1960s, the label concentrated on folk music recordings, releasing a number of best-selling albums by Theodore Bikel, Ed McCurdy, Oscar Brand, and Judy Collins, and protest singers such as Phil Ochs and Tom Paxton. Holzman also recorded Josh White, who was without a record deal as a result of McCarthyite blacklisting.

In 1964, Elektra launched Nonesuch Records. This classical budget label was the best-selling budget classical label of the era. Other labels followed suit by starting their own budget series, but Nonesuch remained the most popular and Jac Holzman states in his book that profits from the budget classical label made it possible for Elektra to experiment with their pop releases by the mid-1960s.
In 1965, Elektra began a short-lived joint venture with Survey Music called Bounty Records, which was Elektra's first foray into pop music. The most notable signing for Bounty was the Paul Butterfield Band who was moved over to Elektra when Bounty folded.
Elektra's entrance into pop gained the label considerable prestige within the music scene by being one of the first labels to sign up leading acts from the new wave of American psychedelic rock of 1966–1967. The label's most important signings were the Chicago-based Paul Butterfield Blues Band (with Mike Bloomfield), the Los Angeles bands Love and The Doors, and the Detroit bands The Stooges and MC5. Included in Elektra's Los Angeles-based signings were Tim Buckley and Bread. In 1968, the label also signed pioneering rock guitar soloist Lonnie Mack to a three-album deal.
Also in 1967, Elektra launched its Nonesuch Explorer Series, one of the first collections of what is now referred to as world music. Excerpts from several Nonesuch Explorer recordings were later included on the two Voyager Golden Discs, which were sent into deep space in 1977 aboard the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 space probes.

1971–1989: Elektra/Asylum Records
Elektra, along with its Nonesuch Records subsidiary, was acquired by Kinney National Services in 1970, which changed its name to Warner Communications in 1972. Soon afterwards, Kinney consolidated their label holdings under the Warner-Elektra-Atlantic umbrella. Holzman remained in charge of Elektra until 1972, when it merged with Asylum Records to become Elektra/Asylum Records; Asylum's founder, David Geffen, headed the newly combined label. Holzman, in the meantime, was appointed senior vice president and chief technologist for Warner — ushering the company into home video and the first interactive cable system. Holzman also went on to acquire Discovery Records. In 1975, Geffen stepped down when he was told that he had a terminal illness; He later was revealed to have been falsely diagnosed. He was replaced by Joe Smith, who later went on to become CEO of Capitol Records.
Joe Smith, whose leadership resulted in the biggest market share and gross revenues Elektra Asylum was to have, inherited the A&R services of Chuck Plotkin, famed later for producing many of Bruce Springsteen's greatest records, followed up by George Daly, who is credited as bringing in seminal new wave band The Cars, setting Elektra, again, on another artist direction.
Although the label was technically listed as "Elektra/Asylum Records" on the label credits, as the years went on, the label began to unofficially call itself Elektra Records again (with Asylum operating as a subsidiary label). In 1982, Elektra launched a jazz subsidiary called Elektra/Musician. The following year, Bob Krasnow became president and CEO of Elektra; under his leadership, the label reached its commercial peak throughout the rest of the 1980s and early to mid-1990s.

1989–2004: Elektra Entertainment Group
In 1989, the label officially changed its name to Elektra Entertainment. During the Bob Krasnow era, the label became home to a wide range of artists, such as Metallica, Yngwie Malmsteen, Faster Pussycat, Mötley Crüe, Phish, Tracy Chapman, 10,000 Maniacs, They Might Be Giants, The Cure, The Sugarcubes, Stereolab, Luna, The Call, X, The Afghan Whigs, Anita Baker, Linda Ronstadt, Natalie Cole, Brand Nubian, KMD, Pete Rock & CL Smooth, and Ween. The label's A&R department included former music journalist Terry Tolkin, who was credited with coining the term "alternative music" in the late 1970s. Also during this time, Elektra developed a relationship with the UK label 4AD. Elektra became the label for 4AD acts such as the Pixies, the Breeders, Frank Black, and The Amps in the United States.
Like its sister labels, Elektra's fortunes began to wane in the mid-1990s, in part because of a series of bitter corporate battles between senior Warner label executives, which seriously damaged the collective reputation of the group. Unhappy with major structural changes enacted by then Warner Music Group chairman Robert Morgado, Bob Krasnow abruptly resigned in July 1994, and others soon followed; the highly respected Warner Bros CEO Mo Ostin decided not to renew his contract and left in December 1994, and Ostin's friend and protégé Lenny Waronker left early the next year. Krasnow was replaced by Sylvia Rhone, who at the time was a senior vice president at Atlantic Records, and also the CEO of Atlantic's EastWest Records America imprint. Upon Rhone's arrival at Elektra, the label took over the operations of EastWest, as well as Sire Records (which had previously operated through its sister label Warner Bros. Records) and was renamed Elektra Entertainment Group.
In September 1994, another damaging controversy erupted when heavy metal band Metallica filed suit against Elektra to terminate their contract and gain ownership of their master recordings. The group based its claim on a section of the California Labor Code, that allows employees to be released from a personal services contract after seven years. By this time, Metallica had been with the label for more than a decade and had racked up sales over 40 million records, but they were still operating under the terms of their original 1984 contract, which provided a relatively low 14% royalty rate. The group also claimed that they were taking the action because Robert Morgado had refused to honor a new deal they had worked out with Bob Krasnow shortly before he quit the label. Elektra responded by countersuing the group, but in December, New York magazine reported rumors that then Warner Music US chairman Doug Morris had offered the group a lucrative new deal in exchange for dropping the suit, which was reported to be even more generous than the earlier Krasnow deal. In January, the group and Elektra jointly announced that they had settled the suit, and although a nondisclosure agreement kept the terms secret, media sources claimed, "a significant increase in royalty payments to the band as well as a renegotiation of the group's recording contract were key factors in Metallica and Elektra coming to terms."
Despite having a large stable of noted acts, as the 1990s drew to a close, Elektra began to see a slump in revenue, while noticeably underperforming on the charts. It also developed a bit of a sullen reputation in the industry for not properly promoting many of its releases, thus earning the nickname "Neglektra" from several signed artists, such as Marvelous 3, Jason Falkner, and Greg Dulli, and was easily lagging behind its sister labels Warner Bros. Records and Atlantic Records.

2004–2018: Atlantic era
In February 2004, Warner Music Group was sold by Time Warner to a group of private investors made up of Thomas Lee Partners, Bain & Company, and Edgar Bronfman Jr. (who assumed CEO duties).
The new owners of WMG decided to merge Elektra and Atlantic Records. Because it was the lesser performing label of the two, 40% of Elektra's operations were put into the new venture, while a commanding 60% of Atlantic's went in. Subsequently, the new company was called Atlantic Records Group, with Elektra breaking off into a subsidiary that became dormant until the label was revived in 2009 (though longtime time Elektra artists such as Tracy Chapman, Björk, and Yolanda Adams continued to have releases on the label, while newer signees such as Jason Mraz and Jet were transferred to Atlantic).
Atlantic Records Group announced the revival of Elektra Records as an independent entity within Warner Music on June 1, 2009. The revived label is headed up by two new co-Presidents: Mike Caren, Exec. VP of A&R for Atlantic Records, and John Janick, founder and President of prominent indie label Fueled by Ramen. The revived label uses a modified version of the circa-1970s Elektra logo.
The first release of the new label was the original soundtrack of the HBO show True Blood, and the first album released was Charlotte Gainsbourg's IRM. The label is now home to artists such as Uffie, Little Boots, Justice, Bruno Mars, and CeeLo Green.
On October 4, 2012, Warner Music announced that Jeff Castelaz, the co-founder of Los Angeles-based independent label Dangerbird Records, had been named president of Elektra Records. Gregg Nadel from Atlantic Records A&R became General Manager of the label in 2015. In September 2015, Castelaz stepped down from his role at Elektra, leaving Nadel to run the label.
In 2016, Elektra's releases included A/B, the debut album by Icelandic rock band Kaleo, which included the number-one Alternative hit "Way Down We Go", Fitz and the Tantrums' self-titled third album and the critically acclaimed Southern Family, which garnered a 2016 CMA Nomination for "Musical Event of the Year". Nadel was officially named president of the label in 2017. In October 2017, Elektra Records partnered with MSG Networks for "Friday Night Knicks".

2018–2022: Elektra Music Group
Announced on June 18, 2018, Warner Music Group relaunched Elektra Music Group on October 1, as a stand-alone, staffed music company with the labels Black Cement, Elektra, Fueled by Ramen (FBR), Low Country Sound, and Roadrunner Records. A handful of major artists transferred from Atlantic. This returned the group to the Warner-Elektra-Atlantic triad that had for decades marked the original company organization. Staff from Elektra, FBR, and Roadrunner labels, plus some from Atlantic, staffed the new standalone group with co-presidents Mike Easterlin and Gregg Nadel coming from Fueled by Ramen and Roadrunner Records and Elektra, respectively, where they served as label presidents. Elektra co-presidents answered, though, to Atlantic Records Group Chairman and CEO Craig Kallman and Chairwoman and COO Julie Greenwald.
On October 3, 2018, Elektra revealed its entire leadership team. The label group's first release was Trench by Twenty One Pilots on October 5, 2018, on Fueled by Ramen label. Despite that, Atlantic Records is still mentioned in liner notes of the album. In 2019, the label had huge success again with Tones and I's hit single "Dance Monkey". In December 2019, Elektra became the distributor for DTA Records, set up by Travis Barker.

2022–present: 300 Elektra Entertainment
On June 22, 2022, Warner Music Group announced the creation of 300 Elektra Entertainment (3EE), a new umbrella group created from the merger of Elektra Music Group and 300 Entertainment. The umbrella group means that Fueled by Ramen, Low Country Sound and Roadrunner have been placed into a singular unit with 300 Entertainment's labels. Despite this merger, WMG maintained that 300 and Elektra will keep their separate identities.

Artists
See also
Elektra Sound Recorders

References
Further reading
Jac Holzman and Gavan Daws (1998). Follow the Music: The Life and High Times of Elektra Records in the Great Years of American Pop Culture. First Media Books. ISBN 0-9661221-1-9.
Mick Houghton (2010). Becoming Elektra. Jawbone Press. ISBN 978-1-906002-29-9.

External links
Official website 
60th Anniversary - Elektra Records
Elektra discography: 1951 to 1974
Elektra Records oral history
Callahan, Mike. "The Elektra Story". Both Sides Now Publications.

Title: Denis Coughlan (Blackrock hurler)
Denis "Lyonsie" Coughlan (10 September 1871 – 24 July 1903) was an Irish sportsperson.  He played hurling with his local club Blackrock and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1891 until 1892.

Biography
The Coughlan family lived in Blackrock, Cork at the turn of the 20th century, and the father, John Coughlan, earned his livelihood as a fisherman.  All of his sons would later earn their livings on the sea.  The Coughlan's also came to be regarded as a famous hurling family in the early years of the championship.  Pat Coughlan was the eldest of the family.  He was followed by Denis 'Lyonsie' Coughlan, Jer Coughlan, Dan Coughlan and Tom 'Honest Man' Coughlan who all played with 'the Rockies' and claimed All-Ireland titles with Cork.
Coughlan's nephews, Eudie and John, went on to win seven All-Ireland medals between them with Cork between 1929 and 1931.  His niece, Kitty, won three All-Ireland camogie medals in-a-row between 1939 and 1941.  Coughlan's grandnephew continued the hurling tradition by winning a county title with Blackrock in 1961.

Playing career
Club
Coughlan played his club hurling with the famous Blackrock club in Cork and enjoyed much success.  He won his first senior county title in 1891.  Blackrock quickly became the standard-bearers in the county and Coughlan had further county victories with the famous club in 1893, 1894, 1895, 1897 and 1898.

Inter-county
Coughlan first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Cork when he captained the team in 1891.  It was an unsuccessful year as Cork were defeated by eventual champions Kerry in their opening game.
Coughlan was on the team again in 1892 and he lined out in his first provincial decider with Kerry providing the opposition.  An exciting game developed, however, at full-time Cork were the champions by 5–3 to 2–5. It was Coughlan's first Munster title.  Cork's next game was an All-Ireland final meeting with Dublin.  The game was a controversial one as referee Dan Fraher changed his mind after initially awarding Michael Brassil a goal to Cork.  He eventually decided that the GAA's Central Council should decide the matter. Dublin, however, had walked off the field and, because of this, Cork were awarded the title.  It gave Coughlan an All-Ireland title.  It was his last appearance with Cork.

Death
Coughlan's life ended in unhappy circumstances.  He was badly affected by a training ground incident when, while preparing for a Cork match, he accidentally hit another great player while both were pulling on a dropping ball.  The blow from the hurley proved fatal and Coughlan never recovered from this.  He died in July 1903.


== References ==

Title: Approximate tangent space
In geometric measure theory an approximate tangent space is a measure theoretic generalization of the concept of a tangent space for a differentiable manifold.

Definition
In differential geometry the defining characteristic of a tangent space is that it approximates the smooth manifold to first order near the point of tangency. Equivalently, if we zoom in more and more at the point of tangency the manifold appears to become more and more straight, asymptotically tending to approach the tangent space. This turns out to be the correct point of view in geometric measure theory.

Definition for sets
Definition. Let 
  
    
      
        M
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle M\subset \mathbb {R} ^{n}}
  
 be a set that is measurable with respect to m-dimensional Hausdorff measure 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {H}}^{m}}
  
, and such that the restriction measure 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
        ⌞
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {H}}^{m}\llcorner M}
  
 is a Radon measure. We say that an m-dimensional subspace 
  
    
      
        P
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P\subset \mathbb {R} ^{n}}
  
 is the approximate tangent space to 
  
    
      
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle M}
  
 at a certain point 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
, denoted 
  
    
      
        
          T
          
            x
          
        
        M
        =
        P
      
    
    {\displaystyle T_{x}M=P}
  
, if

  
    
      
        
          
            (
            
              
                
                  
                    H
                  
                
                
                  m
                
              
              ⌞
              M
            
            )
          
          
            x
            ,
            λ
          
        
        ⇀
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
        ⌞
        P
      
    
    {\displaystyle \left({\mathcal {H}}^{m}\llcorner M\right)_{x,\lambda }\rightharpoonup {\mathcal {H}}^{m}\llcorner P}
  
 as 
  
    
      
        λ
        ↓
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle \lambda \downarrow 0}
  

in the sense of Radon measures. Here for any measure 
  
    
      
        μ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu }
  
 we denote by 
  
    
      
        
          μ
          
            x
            ,
            λ
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu _{x,\lambda }}
  
 the rescaled and translated measure:

  
    
      
        
          μ
          
            x
            ,
            λ
          
        
        (
        A
        )
        :=
        
          λ
          
            −
            n
          
        
        μ
        (
        x
        +
        λ
        A
        )
        ,
        
        A
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu _{x,\lambda }(A):=\lambda ^{-n}\mu (x+\lambda A),\qquad A\subset \mathbb {R} ^{n}}
  

Certainly any classical tangent space to a smooth submanifold is an approximate tangent space, but the converse is not necessarily true.

Multiplicities
The parabola

  
    
      
        
          M
          
            1
          
        
        :=
        {
        (
        x
        ,
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        )
        :
        x
        ∈
        
          R
        
        }
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle M_{1}:=\{(x,x^{2}):x\in \mathbb {R} \}\subset \mathbb {R} ^{2}}
  

is a smooth 1-dimensional submanifold. Its tangent space at the origin 
  
    
      
        (
        0
        ,
        0
        )
        ∈
        
          M
          
            1
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle (0,0)\in M_{1}}
  
 is the horizontal line 
  
    
      
        
          T
          
            (
            0
            ,
            0
            )
          
        
        
          M
          
            1
          
        
        =
        
          R
        
        ×
        {
        0
        }
      
    
    {\displaystyle T_{(0,0)}M_{1}=\mathbb {R} \times \{0\}}
  
. On the other hand, if we incorporate the reflection along the x-axis:

  
    
      
        
          M
          
            2
          
        
        :=
        {
        (
        x
        ,
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        )
        :
        x
        ∈
        
          R
        
        }
        ∪
        {
        (
        x
        ,
        −
        
          x
          
            2
          
        
        )
        :
        x
        ∈
        
          R
        
        }
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle M_{2}:=\{(x,x^{2}):x\in \mathbb {R} \}\cup \{(x,-x^{2}):x\in \mathbb {R} \}\subset \mathbb {R} ^{2}}
  

then 
  
    
      
        
          M
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle M_{2}}
  
 is no longer a smooth 1-dimensional submanifold, and there is no classical tangent space at the origin. On the other hand, by zooming in at the origin the set 
  
    
      
        
          M
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle M_{2}}
  
 is approximately equal to two straight lines that overlap in the limit. It would be reasonable to say it has an approximate tangent space 
  
    
      
        
          R
        
        ×
        {
        0
        }
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} \times \{0\}}
  
 with multiplicity two.

Definition for measures
One can generalize the previous definition and proceed to define approximate tangent spaces for certain Radon measures, allowing for multiplicities as explained in the section above.
Definition. Let 
  
    
      
        μ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu }
  
 be a Radon measure on 
  
    
      
        
          
            R
          
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} ^{n}}
  
. We say that an m-dimensional subspace 
  
    
      
        P
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P\subset \mathbb {R} ^{n}}
  
 is the approximate tangent space to 
  
    
      
        μ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu }
  
 at a point 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
 with multiplicity 
  
    
      
        θ
        (
        x
        )
        ∈
        (
        0
        ,
        ∞
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \theta (x)\in (0,\infty )}
  
, denoted 
  
    
      
        
          T
          
            x
          
        
        μ
        =
        P
      
    
    {\displaystyle T_{x}\mu =P}
  
 with multiplicity 
  
    
      
        θ
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \theta (x)}
  
, if

  
    
      
        
          μ
          
            x
            ,
            λ
          
        
        ⇀
        θ
        (
        x
        )
        
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
        ⌞
        P
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu _{x,\lambda }\rightharpoonup \theta (x)\;{\mathcal {H}}^{m}\llcorner P}
  
 as 
  
    
      
        λ
        ↓
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle \lambda \downarrow 0}
  

in the sense of Radon measures. The right-hand side is a constant multiple of m-dimensional Hausdorff measure restricted to 
  
    
      
        P
      
    
    {\displaystyle P}
  
.
This definition generalizes the one for sets as one can see by taking 
  
    
      
        μ
        :=
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            n
          
        
        ⌞
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu :={\mathcal {H}}^{n}\llcorner M}
  
 for any 
  
    
      
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle M}
  
 as in that section. It also accounts for the reflected paraboloid example above because for 
  
    
      
        μ
        :=
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            1
          
        
        ⌞
        
          M
          
            2
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu :={\mathcal {H}}^{1}\llcorner M_{2}}
  
 we have 
  
    
      
        
          T
          
            (
            0
            ,
            0
            )
          
        
        μ
        =
        
          R
        
        ×
        {
        0
        }
      
    
    {\displaystyle T_{(0,0)}\mu =\mathbb {R} \times \{0\}}
  
 with multiplicity two.

Relation to rectifiable sets
The notion of approximate tangent spaces is very closely related to that of rectifiable sets. Loosely speaking, rectifiable sets are precisely those for which approximate tangent spaces exist almost everywhere. The following lemma encapsulates this relationship:
Lemma. Let 
  
    
      
        M
        ⊂
        
          
            R
          
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle M\subset \mathbb {R} ^{n}}
  
 be measurable with respect to m-dimensional Hausdorff measure. Then 
  
    
      
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle M}
  
 is m-rectifiable if and only if there exists a positive locally 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {H}}^{m}}
  
-integrable function 
  
    
      
        θ
        :
        M
        →
        (
        0
        ,
        ∞
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \theta :M\to (0,\infty )}
  
 such that the Radon measure

  
    
      
        μ
        (
        A
        )
        =
        
          ∫
          
            A
          
        
        θ
        (
        x
        )
        
        d
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mu (A)=\int _{A}\theta (x)\,d{\mathcal {H}}^{m}(x)}
  

has approximate tangent spaces 
  
    
      
        
          T
          
            x
          
        
        μ
      
    
    {\displaystyle T_{x}\mu }
  
 for 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              H
            
          
          
            m
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\mathcal {H}}^{m}}
  
-almost every 
  
    
      
        x
        ∈
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle x\in M}
  
.

References
Simon, Leon (1983), Lectures on Geometric Measure Theory, Proceedings of the Centre for Mathematical Analysis, vol. 3, Australian National University, particularly Chapter 3, Section 11 "Basic Notions, Tangent Properties."

Title: Julius H. Baggett
Julius H. Baggett (February 14, 1925 – September 18, 2019) was an American politician in the state of South Carolina. He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives as a member of the Democratic Party from 1967 to 1968 and from 1970 to 1974, representing McCormick County, South Carolina. He was a lawyer and retired Circuit Court judge. Baggett was an alumnus of Furman University and the University of South Carolina. He died at the age of 94 in 2019.


== References ==

Title: KHN
KHN may refer to

Knoop hardness number
Kerwin-Huelsman-Newcomb, a type of electronic filter
IATA code of Nanchang Changbei International Airport, in Jiangxi province, China
Kaiser Health News
Kettering Health Network
Kraken Hockey Network, a television network for Seattle Kraken games

Title: Rob Kauffman (politician)
Robert W. "Rob" Kauffman is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 89th District and was elected in 2004.  He currently sits on the House Consumer Affairs, Gaming Oversight, and Tourism and Recreational Development Committees.
Kauffman was re-elected in 2024, against Democratic nominee Noah Kreischer.

Personal
Kauffman is married, and lives in Scotland, Pennsylvania with their four children.

Political Positions
Kauffman is against legalizing adult use of cannabis in Pennsylvania.
After the 2020 Presidential election, Kauffman was one of 26 Pennsylvania House Republicans who called  for withdrawing certification of presidential electors. Afterward, Kauffman traveled to Arizona along with Pennsylvania state senators Doug Mastriano, and Cris Dush, to observe its 2021 Maricopa County presidential ballot audit.
Kauffman endorsed Doug Mastriano for Governor of Pennsylvania during the 2022 election.

References
External links
Representative Kauffman's official web site
Pennsylvania House profile
Profile at Vote Smart

Title: Krispl
Krispl is a municipality in the Hallein district in the Austrian state of Salzburg.


== References ==

Title: Intetumumab
Intetumumab is a human monoclonal antibody targeting integrins that was being studied for the treatment of solid tumors.
Intetumumab was developed by Centocor, Inc.
Phase II clinical trials for treatment of melanoma and prostate cancer were in progress when development of the drug was discontinued.


== References ==

Title: 2010 United States House of Representatives election in North Dakota
The 2010 House election in North Dakota took place on November 2, 2010, to elect the state's at-large Representative to the United States House of Representatives. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; this election was for the 112th Congress from January 3, 2011, until January 3, 2013. North Dakota has one seat in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States census.
The election was held concurrently with the United States Senate elections of 2010 (including one in North Dakota), the United States House elections in other states and various state and local elections.

Background
Despite Republican dominance at the presidential level in North Dakota, which has not voted for a Democratic presidential candidate since 1964, as well as state and local elections, Democrats achieved several consecutive victories in congressional elections in the state since the 1980s. Democrats had held the state's at-large House seat since 1981.  From 1987 to 2011, North Dakota had a completely Democratic congressional delegation.
Since his first election in 1992, incumbent Democrat Earl Pomeroy had usually won reelection by comfortable margins. However, with Democrats fighting in a much tougher political environment in 2010, Republicans planned on putting forward a serious challenge. Republicans running against him included state Public Service Commissioner Kevin Cramer, state Representative Rick Berg, and former University of Mary football coach Paul Schaffner. Pomeroy was likely more vulnerable than usual due to his support for the Democratic House Healthcare bill, which 64% of North Dakotans opposed, and President Barack Obama's declining job approval ratings in the state.

General election
Candidates
Democrats
Earl Pomeroy, incumbent U.S. Representative

Republicans
Rick Berg, North Dakota State Representative and former state House Majority Leader
J.D. Donaghe, oil field consultant

Polling
†Internal poll (Garin-Hart-Yang for Pomeroy and Public Opinion Strategies for Berg)

Results
In the general election Berg unseated Pomeroy by a vote of 129,802 (55%) to 106,542 (45%), becoming the first Republican since 1981 to represent North Dakota in the U.S. House of Representatives.

Counties that flipped from Democratic to Republican
Adams (largest city: Hettinger)
Cass (largest city: Fargo)
Bottineau (largest city: Bottineau)
Burke (largest city: Powers Lake)
Burleigh (largest city: Bismarck)
Dickey (largest city: Oakes)
Divide (largest city: Crosby)
Foster (largest city: Carrington)
Grant (largest city: Elgin)
Griggs (largest city: Cooperstown)
Hettinger (largest city: Mott)
Kidder (largest city: Steele)
LaMoure (largest city: LaMoure)
Logan (largest city: Napoleon)
McHenry (largest city: Velva)
McIntosh (largest city: Wishek)
McKenzie (largest city: Watford City)
McLean (largest city: Garrison)
Mercer (largest city: Beulah)
Morton (largest city: Mandan)
Pembina (largest city: Cavalier)
Pierce (largest city: Rugby)
Renville (largest city: Mohall)
Richland (largest city: Wahpeton)
Stark (largest city: Dickinson)
Stutsman (largest city: Jamestown)
Walsh (largest city: Grafton)
Ward (largest city: Minot)
Wells (largest city: Harvey)
Williams (largest city: Williston)

See also
North Dakota's at-large congressional district

References
External links
Elections and Voting at the North Dakota Secretary of State
U.S. Congress candidates for North Dakota at Project Vote Smart
2010 North Dakota General Election: Rick Berg (R) vs Earl Pomeroy (D) graph of multiple polls from Pollster.com
House - North Dakota from the Cook Political Report
North Dakota - At-Large from OurCampaigns.com
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
2010 North Dakota - 1st District from CQ Politics
Race profile at The New York Times
Debates

North Dakota House Debate on C-SPAN, October 4, 2010 (26:42)

Title: Goran Grgić
Goran Grgić (born 17 November 1965) is a Croatian theatre, television and film actor.
Grgić graduated from the Zagreb Academy of Dramatic Art in 1990. Upon graduation he was hired as a regular cast member at the Gavella theatre in Zagreb. Since 2002 he has been a member of cast at the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb.

Partial filmography
See also
Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb

References
External links
Goran Grgić at IMDb

Title: Advance, Missouri
Advance is a town located at the intersection of State Highway 25 and State Highway 91/Route C in northern Stoddard County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,347 at the 2010 census. Advance was founded circa 1882. The town is pronounced ADD-vance.

History
Advance had its start in 1910 when the railroad was extended to that point.

Overview
There is no sustained industry in the town or near surrounding area. Agriculture, although small, is the most viable local source of income.
Public services available in the city include three health/medical clinics: Advance Medical Clinic, Cross Trails Medical Center and Haven Health Care Medical. There are two parks within the city limits: Umfleet Park and the Advance Ballpark, the latter of which is where high school baseball and softball games are played as well as summer league T-ball and also has tennis courts and a sand volleyball court. The town also has one lending library: the Advance Community Library.
Advance is governed by a mayor-council form of government with Ryan Slinkard, currently serving as mayor. The city also has a police department with two full-time and two reserve officers. The Advance Volunteer Fire Department has approximately 15 firefighters with five vehicles.
There are no hospitality services or full-service medical facilities; the closest hotels and hospitals are located about 20–25 miles each direction in Dexter (south) and Cape Girardeau (northeast).

Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.12 square miles (2.90 km2), all land.

Climate
The climate in this area is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year.  According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Advance has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Demographics
2010 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,347 people, 578 households, and 356 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,202.7 inhabitants per square mile (464.4/km2). There were 635 housing units at an average density of 567.0 per square mile (218.9/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 98.74% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.15% Asian, and 0.74% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.64% of the population.
There were 578 households, of which 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.8% were married couples living together, 12.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.4% were non-families. 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 21.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.86.
The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 21.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.8% were from 25 to 44; 22.8% were from 45 to 64; and 24.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 46.7% male and 53.3% female.

2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,244 people, 544 households, and 348 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,428.8 inhabitants per square mile (551.7/km2). There were 593 housing units at an average density of 681.1 per square mile (263.0/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 98.31% White, 0.08% African American, 0.56% Native American, 0.16% Asian, and 0.88% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.32% of the population.
There were 544 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.4% were married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.0% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 24.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.80. It was reported that in Advance, 0.2% of all households contain lesbians.
For people in the city aged 15 and over, 55.0% were married, 9.9% were divorced, 14.8% were single, never married, 19.0% were widowed, and 1.3% were separated.
In the city the population was spread out, with 19.6% under the age of 18, 8.5% from 18 to 24, 23.2% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 26.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females, there were 76.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 69.2 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $27,734, and the median income for a family was $38,167. Males had a median income of $27,833 versus $19,702 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,036. About 8.1% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.6% of those under age 18 and 13.5% of those age 65 or over.

Education
The Advance R-4 School District runs throughout most of the northern parts of Stoddard County as well as the extreme southern portions of Bollinger County. There is a preschool, one elementary school for grades K-6 and a consolidated junior-senior high school for grades 7–12 with an average yearly enrollment of 500 students in the district. The school colors are orange and black and its mascot is the hornet. Athletics at the school consist of boys' and girls' basketball, girls' volleyball, baseball, softball (spring season), cheerleading, boys' golf, and coed cross country.
The Advance High School Lady Hornets varsity volleyball team won the Class 1 state championship during the 2018–2019 season, the school's first-ever state title in girls’ volleyball. The Lady Hornets defeated Calvary Lutheran 25–12, 25–22 to clinch the championship. The Lady Hornets went on to defend their Class 1 state title for two more consecutive seasons, defeating Santa Fe 25–11, 25–12 in 2019-2020 and topping local nemesis Lesterville 25–13, 25–15, 18–25, 25–08 in 2020–2021. The Lady Hornets were denied a bid at the state tournament for a fourpeat during the 2021–2022 season in which the Lady Hornets fell to Gideon in the Class 1 state quarterfinals. Advance rebounded and went on to reclaim their Class 1 state championship during the 2022-2023 and 2023–2024 seasons, dethroning then-Class 1 state champion Miller in a five-set thriller and then topping local rival South Iron 25–13, 25–13, 25-20 most recently to earn the school its fifth state volleyball championship. All five teams were coached by Erin Hoffman.
The Advance Hornets boys basketball team took second place at the Class 1 state tournament during the 2016–2017 season after a heartbreaking 65–62 loss to Walnut Grove.

Notable people
Bill Burlison, politician
Dewayne Staats, broadcaster for the Tampa Bay Rays

References
External links
Unlocking the Past by Madeline DeJournett and Elfreda Cox is a history of more than a dozen abandoned towns in the north Stoddard County area near Advance.

Title: The Cross (2009 film)
The Cross (also known as The Cross: The Arthur Blessitt Story) is a 2009 documentary film directed by Matthew Crouch, in his directorial debut. The film chronicles Arthur Blessitt's Guinness World Record-setting journey of 38,102 miles of forty years "into every nation and major island group of the world" while carrying a twelve-foot wooden cross.

Production
Twenty years earlier Crouch had made a documentary about Blessitt. Then, in the summer of 2008, Crouch and Blessitt "ran into each other" on the cusp of Blessitt's final trip to Zanzibar, an island off the coast of the continent of Africa, which gave them the idea to create a brand new documentary that would finish telling the story of Blessitt's journey.

Box office
The Cross opened on March 27, 2009 in 221 theaters, and grossed approximately $300,000. It made $741,557 total.
Most reviews of the film criticized it for not offering a balanced, unbiased insight into both Blessitt's journey or the effects of it on his life and family.  As an example, Annie Young Frisbie, writing for Christianity Today, wrote:

Because Crouch avoids any deep questioning of Blessitt, and fails to bring in any other voices, The Cross lacks structure. While Blessitt is appealing, once the novelty of his walk wears off, there's nothing left for audiences to sink their teeth into.

Soundtrack
The soundtrack features original songs by Javen and The Katinas that are inspired by the film as well as an original score from first-time composer Matthew R. Long.

References
External links
Official website
The Cross at IMDb
The Cross at Rotten Tomatoes

Title: La! Neu?
La! Neu? (stylized as la! NÊU?) were a German band founded by Klaus Dinger. After around 1985, Dinger had difficulty getting records released and distributed in Germany, but the Japanese record label Captain Trip Records signed him in 1994, setting up the Dingerland sub-label for Dinger's projects. La! Neu? is a loose collective of Dinger and (mostly) younger musicians, plus his mother Renate. Their records are recorded quite quickly and spontaneously, and the sleeve designs are usually by Dinger, with hastily handwritten liner notes and obvious glue drops.
La! Neu? is also used as an umbrella name for different projects from Dinger's friends; Rembrandt Lensink's solo album God Strikes Back, an album by the group Bluepoint Underground and the group Die With Dignity's album Kraut have all appeared under the La! Neu? name. The album Blue was originally meant as a follow-up to Dinger's solo album Neondian, but was rejected by the German record label (the rejection letter is reproduced on the back cover) and only issued a decade later.
Both La! Neu? and Dingerland have been inactive since 2001. Klaus Dinger's next planned project was a re-recording of La Düsseldorf's most successful album, Viva, using Japanese musicians, but he died in 2008.

Core or recurrent members
Klaus Dinger (voice, multi-instrumentalist, electronics)
Renate Dinger (voice, piano)
Viktoria Wehrmeister (voice, percussion)
Dirk Flader (guitar)
Thomas Klein (drums)
Rembrandt Lensink (keyboards)
Andreas Reihse
Konstantin Wienstroer

Discography
(1996) Düsseldorf
(1997) Zeeland
(1997) Rembrandt: God Strikes Back
(1998) Cha Cha 2000 - Live in Tokyo (2-CD)
(1998) Goldregen (Gold Rain)
(1998) Year of the Tiger
(1999) Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol. 2 (2-CD)
(1999) Blue (La Düsseldorf 5)
(2001) Live at Kunsthalle Düsseldorf (2-CD)

See also
Neu!
La Düsseldorf
Kraftwerk

External links
An unofficial Klaus Dinger discography
An official Klaus Dinger discography (contains less personnel information)
Abridged La! Neu? discography at Allmusic
Captain Trip Records
La! Neu? at Discogs

Title: TREKOL-39294
The TREKOL-39294 is a Russian six-wheeled amphibious all-terrain vehicle produced by TREKOL. The 39294 is available in two versions: passenger and freight and it uses large low-pressure tires. TREKOL manufactures the 39294 using UAZ and GAZ parts, which ensures easy operation, easy maintenance and repairs. The fiberglass body has a very low thermal conductivity and the possibility of operating at a temperature of −45 °C to 45 °C. The vehicle has a capacity, in the passenger models, for up to 8 people. Maximum speed −70 km/h. All-terrain vehicles may be equipped with petrol or diesel engines, as well as water jet to move through the water.
It is also featured in the game SnowRunner renamed as the Yar 87.

Specifications
Axles: 6 × 6;
Curb weight: 2800 kg;
Load capacity on solid ground: 700 kg;
Capacity on soft ground and water: 400 kg;
Overall length/width/height: 5670/2540/2715 mm;
Track: 1900 mm;
Ground clearance: 490 mm;
Engine: gasoline ZMZ-4062.10 (optional - diesel Hyundai D4BF);
Engine capacity: 2.3 liters;
Engine power: 66.2 kW (90 hp..) At 4500 rev / min;
Maximum torque: 172.6 Nm (17.6 kgcm) at 2500 rev / min;
Fuel: 92 octane gasoline;
Fuel consumption at a speed of 50 km/h: 14 L/100 km;
Fuel capacity: 100 L;
Transmission: 4-speed;
Transfer case: 2-speed, inter-axle differential with forced locking, power integral type;
Body: Fiberglass, 3-door.;
Number of seats: 8;
The number of heaters in the back of: 1;
Tires TREKOL: 1300h600-533, tubeless, low pressure;
Operating pressure in the tire: 10 ... 50 kPa (0.1 ... 0.5 kg / cm 2);
Minimum pressure of the tires on the ground: 12 kPa (0.12 kg / cm 2);
The maximum speed on the highway/water: 70/10 km/h (with outboard motor);

References
External links
39294 at the TREKOL website

Title: Wang Ke (footballer)
Wang Ke (Chinese: 王珂; born August 31, 1983, in Qingdao) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Jilin Baijia.

Club career
Shanghai Shenhua
Wang Ke began his career with Shanghai Shenhua playing for the youth team and graduated to the senior team in 2000. During his time with the youth team he was selected to play in São Paulo football club youth team and was teammates with Kaka. While at Shanghai Shenhua he spent several seasons gradually establishing himself as a regular within the team and would even win the 2003 league title with the team. Unfortunately in 2013 the Chinese Football Association would revoke the league title after it was discovered the Shenhua General manager Lou Shifang had bribed officials to be bias to Shenhua in games that season. While he spent several further seasons with the team he would struggle to establish himself as a first team starter and after eight seasons he was allowed to leave the club.

Beijing Guoan
He was transferred to Beijing Guoan at the beginning of the 2008 league season for a fee of 1,400,000 RMB. As with Shanghai Shenhua and despite being predominantly a right midfielder he spent much of his time as a substitute where he has come in to play a variety of midfield positions. While this would see him be part of the squad that went on to win the 2009 Chinese Super League title, Wang never went further than being a squad player within the team and was released at the end of the 2010 league campaign.

Honours
Shanghai Shenhua

Chinese Jia-A League: 2003 (revoked due to match-fixing scandal)
Beijing Guoan

Chinese Super League: 2009

References
External links
Player profile at Sina.com
Player profile at Sodasoccer.com
Player stats at football-lineups website
Player stats at Sohu.com

Title: Fis phenomenon
The fis phenomenon is a phenomenon during a child's language acquisition that demonstrates that perception of phonemes occurs earlier than a child's ability to produce the appropriate allophone. It is also illustrative of a larger theme in child language acquisition: that skills in linguistic comprehension generally precede corresponding skills in linguistic production. The name comes from an incident reported in 1960 by J. Berko and R. Brown, in which a child referred to his inflatable plastic fish as a fis. However, when adults asked him, "Is this your fis?" he rejected the statement. When he was asked, "Is this your fish?" he responded, "Yes, my fis." This shows that although the child could not produce the phoneme /ʃ/, he could perceive it as being different from the phoneme /s/. In some cases, the sounds produced by the child are actually acoustically different, but not significantly enough for others to distinguish since the language in question does not make such contrasts.

Occurrences in ASL
Researchers saw the Fis Phenomenon occur while doing research on Juli, a toddler who speaks ASL. The observers had seen it occur with her use of the word for 'water' when Juli was outside holding rocks in her hand and speaking to the observer through a window. Juli produced the sign [ix-rock water ix-loc(hose)] with the "20" handshape error for "water". The observer saw what Juli had signed, thinking that Juli wanted to eat the rocks in her hand and commented to Juli that she could not eat the rocks. As soon as Juli saw that the observer had interpreted her signing attempt of 'water' being the sign for 'food/eat' she corrected herself and repeated her sign with the 'W' handshape which signaled 'water'. The adult then realized what Juli meant and asked if what she meant was that she wanted to use the water hose and Juli nodded.

Language acquisition
All languages can be deconstructed into smaller elements, they are considered levels of languages that are divided into: The Phonological System, the Reference System, the Morphological System, and the Syntactic System. The Phonological System correlates to the different stages that a child acquires language. The acquisition process begins at birth, the brain begins to specialize in the sounds heard around them and begin to produce vowel-like sounds. This is the cooing stage. The babbling stage, six to 11 months, is when consonants like /m/ and /b/ are combined with vowels, ma-ma-ma ba-ba-ba. The next two stages are the one word stage, 12 to 18 months, and two word stage, 18 months to two years of age. At around two years, the child enters the telegraphic stage, where they learn to put multiple words together. Note that researchers can only estimate the ages in which a child transitions through the stages. This is due to many varying factors when the child is acquiring language, like mental capability, the right language environment, exposure to language, and more.
The Phonological System is broken up into two different categories, perception and production. As the child goes through the stage of acquiring the language, perception and production is being developed in the brain. The Fis Phenomenon occurs due to lack of production ability by the kid, though the child perceives the sound to be correct. The relation between perception, production and the Fis Phenomenon is discussed below.

Perception
The phonological performance of children is predominantly consistent and predictable, leading to the generally accepted notion that their performance is governed by a set of rules, and it is not a result of random deviations. These rules are used to navigate from the surface form (adult pronunciation) to child pronunciation. This idea might help explain the occurrence of things such as the Fis Phenomenon.
There is evidence to support the idea that a child manipulates isomorphic adult representations of language. This evidence stems from three areas: 1) that a child has the ability to recognize disparities in the adult form that the child is unable to produce 2) that the child understands their own speech and 3) their grammatical and morphological tendencies.
The role of perception in the phonological performance of children is that their lexical representation of the adult form is first passed through the child's perceptual filter. Meaning that the adult pronunciation, or surface form, is not necessarily the form that is being affected by the child's phonological rules. There is a clear difference between the adult form and the child's mental representation. Barton (1976) tested this hypothesis and the results largely supported it, though there were later requests for a “perceptual explanation”.
The most notable example, shown below, illustrates the perception of consonant clusters compared to the child's output. Clusters consisting of [+nasal] followed by a [+voice] or [-voice] consonant are perceived differently by children.

mend → mɛn meant → mɛt
The nasal before consonant[+voice] is long and notable (mend)
The nasal before consonant[-voice] is indistinct, leaving the following consonant as the most notable of the cluster.
The child's mental representation is then converted by a small set of rules called Realization Rules, which are used to reach the final form, the child's pronunciation. An example of the implementation of Realization Rules is informally illustrated in the sample derivation below, where a child consistently produced squat as [gɔp]:

/skwɒt/ → [skwɔp]	(harmonizing a coronal to a preceding labialized sequence /kw/)
[skwɔp] → [kwɔp]	(deleting pre-consonantal /s/)
[kwɔp] → [kɔp]		(deleting post-consonantal sonorants)

[kɔp] → [gɔp]		(neutralizing the voicing distinction)

Production
Although children seem to be able to recognize the correct pronunciation of “fish”, they can only produce an /s/, meaning that they are left saying “fis” instead. Since the problem doesn't seem to be speech perception, experts believe that the problem is associated with mostly the coordination of speech muscles, leaving them to think that these children's speech muscles need practice.  One way that experts encourage the practice of speech production in children are by word/phrase repetition. In this case, it'll be helpful to practice words that contain the /ʃ/ sound in “fish”.

Experiments and studies
Covert contrast as a stage in the acquisition of phonetics and phonology
Scoobie et al. in 1996 looked into the notion of child perception and how they acquire their speech as well as how children contrast minimal pairs. Used Children with phonological disorders and focused on /s/ initial-stop clusters for their acquisition of them.

Invariant order of phonological development
In a 1941 study by Roman Jakobson, he hypothesized that children who speak English basically follow a phonological order when acquiring their language's feature distinctions. Stating that children can't fully acquire some distinctions unless some were learned previously. In a 1948 study, Schvachkin hypothesized that Russian-speaking children develop phonetic distinctions in an invariant order. A table is then shown where the “hushing” vs “hissing” sibilants were second to last on the order of acquisition. Given that children are still refining and working on their phonetic production skills, it might be the case that these features are not produced accurately because previous ones still need work.

Juliette Blevins and claims
Juliette Blevins claimed that children can perceive both their own use of the language minimal pairs along with the adult usages. Though the child may believe that the subtle differences in their use of the minimal pair can be perceived by the adult, because the child themselves can recognize the differences.

See also
Language acquisition
Phonological development
Speech disorder
Speech–language pathology
Wug test


== References ==

Title: Tutan, Sistan and Baluchestan
Tutan (Persian: توتان) is a village in, and the capital of, Tutan and Mohammadan Rural District of Bent District, Nik Shahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan province, Iran.

Demographics
Population
At the time of the 2006 National Census, the village's population was 429 in 93 households. The following census in 2011 counted 320 people in 75 households. The 2016 census measured the population of the village as 370 people in 97 households.

See also
 Iran portal


== References ==

Title: Alibabavum 40 Thirudargalum (1941 film)
Alibabavum 40 Thirudargalum (read as "Alibabavum Narpadhu Thirudargalum"; transl. Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves) is a 1941 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by K. S. Mani. The first Tamil film adaptation of the story Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves, it stars N. S. Krishnan and T. A. Mathuram. The film was released on 15 March 1941, and was commercially unsuccessful. No print is known to survive, making it a lost film.

Plot
In Baghdad, Cassim lives a wealthy but miserly lifestyle. At the instigation of his wife, he expels his mother and younger brother Ali Baba from the house. Ali Baba and his mother reside in penury in a small house. Cassim owns a crafty slave named Morgiana, who he lusts for, but she displays open contempt for him. Instead, she falls in love with Ali Baba.
One day, when Ali Baba and Morgiana are spending their time pleasantly together, Cassim suddenly appears, violently drives his brother away and advises Morgiana about her conduct. Ali Baba returns home and informs his mother all that happened. She sends him with his friend Kadar to his uncle's house.
Ali Baba and Kadar lose their way in the forest. Exhausted, they sit by a rock to rest and witness the door of a cave open itself and a crowd of men emerge from within. Terrified, they seek a place of hiding and watch the men. The men, who are actually thieves, chant a slogan and the door closes by itself. They then depart from the place in a body. Coming out of hiding, Ali Baba and Kadar repeat the same slogan, enter the cave and find various treasures. They take some of the treasures and leave the cave.
The leader of the thieves and another, Kamal, go to Cassim's house disguised as diamond merchants. Smitten by Morgiana, the leader makes advances to her. Kamal warns him from exposing himself as he is already labouring under a suspicion that Morgiana had penetrated their disguise. Kathija, another slave attached to the household, discovers their identity and hastens to bring some guards to capture them. The thieves suspect Morgiana for the betrayal and they escape via the balcony with her.
Cassim, with the assistance of Ali Baba, locates the cave and enters it. He greedily collects many treasures, and is left trapped as he cannot recall the slogan. The thieves arrive and kill him. Morgiana is also subjected to torture. Ali Baba finds Cassim's corpse and takes it back for burial. The thieves return to the cave and see the corpse is missing, but deduce that Ali Baba had taken it. The leader goes to Ali Baba's house disguised as an oil merchant. Morgiana, however, discovers his identity and outwits him.

Cast
Cast according to the song book:

Production
Alibabavum 40 Thirudargalum was the first Tamil adaptation of the story Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. It was directed by K. S. Mani for the company Pakshiraja Films that was owned and operated by S. M. Sriramulu Naidu. N. S. Krishnan was cast as Ali Baba, and his wife T. A. Mathuram as the slave girl Morgiana. Thoothukudi Ramaswamy Aiyer portrayed a character named "Pulimoottai", which subsequently became his prefix. Shooting took place at Central Studios.

Soundtrack
The lyrics were written by K. P. Kamatchi, while the soundtrack was composed by N. S. Balakrishnan. One song performed by Krishnan himself, "Adichippoottaney Noguthadaa", attained popularity.

Release and reception
Alibabavum 40 Thirudargalum was released on 15 March 1941. Film historian Randor Guy praised it for the "familiar storyline and the comical treatment that NSK gave his brainchild", but noted that the film was not successful. No print is known to survive, making it a lost film.

References
External links
Alibabavum 40 Thirudargalum at IMDb

Title: Richard Thompson Ford
Richard Thompson Ford is the George E. Osborne Professor of Law at Stanford Law School. His scholarship includes work on critical race theory, local government law, housing segregation, and employment discrimination. He has served as a housing commissioner for the San Francisco Housing Commission, and continues to work with local governments on issues of affordable housing and segregation. His book Rights Gone Wrong: How Law Corrupts the Struggle for Equality was chosen as one of the New York Times 100 Notable Books of 2011.  His 2021 book on dress codes explores the relationship between fashion and power.
He graduated with a BA from Stanford University in 1988 and a JD from Harvard Law School in 1991.

Selected publications
Dress Codes: How the Laws of Fashion Made History Simon & Schuster, 2021. ISBN 9781501180064
Universal Rights Down to Earth. New York: W.W. Norton & Co, 2011. ISBN 9780393079005
Rights Gone Wrong: How Law Corrupts the Struggle for Equality. New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2011. ISBN 9780374250355
The Race Card: How Bluffing About Bias Makes Race Relations Worse. Macmillan, 2008. ISBN 9780374245757
Racial Culture: A Critique (Princeton University Pr., 2005).
"The Boundaries of Race: Political Geography in Legal Analysis." Harvard Law Review (1994): 1841–1921.
"Beyond "Difference" : A Reluctant Critique of Legal Identity Politics" in: Left legalism/left critique. Eds. Wendy Brown, and Janet Halley. Duke University Press, 2002. ISBN 9780822329756
"Geography and Sovereignty: Jurisdictional Formation and Racial Segregation." Stanford Law Review (1997): 1365–1445.

References
External links
Biography. Stanford University. Retrieved June 16, 2016.

Title: Johnathan Walton
Johnathan Walton is the host of the podcast "Queen of the Con: The Irish Heiress" and is a vigilante who hunts down con artists. The first con artist Walton put in jail was Marianne Smyth aka Mair Smyth aka Marianne Clark, who scammed hundreds of thousands of dollars from 43 victims, including Walton himself, in the United States and Europe, using an elaborate series of confidence tricks.  She was convicted of stealing money from him and spent about two years in jail.
Walton also works as a producer on reality television shows like American Ninja Warrior for NBC, Shark Tank for ABC and Savage Builds for the Discovery Channel. His career in unscripted television was preceded by a 10-year stint as an Emmy Award-winning TV news reporter and producer at local stations KHOU-TV in Houston, Texas, KABB-TV in San Antonio, Texas and WSVN-TV in Miami, Florida.

Awards
Has won four Regional Emmys for his primetime television specials for CBS Houston (KHOU-TV).
2006 Emmy for Walton's World Gone Wild aired Dec. 2005. KHOU-TV Houston Johnathan Walton, Reporter
2005 Emmy for The Best of Walton's World Strikes Back aired Dec. 2004.
2004 Emmy for The Best of Walton's World Gone Wild
2003 Emmy for Christmas in Walton's World show.
2004 Texas Associated Press Broadcasters First Place Light Feature.
Numerous Houston Press Club Lone Star Awards
2003 Houston Chronicle Award for "Baffoon". Described as "A pudgy, puckish clown for the 21st century,"
2006 Houston Chronicle Award for Funny Person on Local TV. Described as "tickles us best"

References
External links
"Queen of the Con: The Irish Heiress" Podcast
Con artist Marianne Smyth Documentary website

Title: Luohan Ru Yi Quan
Luohan Ru Yi Quan [ Hanyu Pinyin ]: literally ‘Luohan “As You Wish” Fist’.  This set altogether has 108 different hand techniques, and includes the Dazun 9 Yang Gong, Wuji Gong, Taiji Gong, and Wuxing Quan. A rare and secret high-level Shaolin martial art.  It should not be confused with the much better known Eighteen Luóhàn [or Arhat ] Boxing System.
The system is also known by the names, ‘Printing the Red Palm [Push attack],’ and ‘The Old Man Set’ (an informal name for the system known within the Chee Kim Thong Nan Shaolin lineage). Its origins are not known, but can be ascribed to an early period of the Shaolin Temple's martial arts history. As with all of the Shaolin martial arts, and in particular the highest level ones such as Wujiquan, it has a spiritual meditation development purpose separate to its martial applications. In comparison to the predominantly ‘yin’ characteristics of Wujiquan, Luohan Ru Yi Quan is more robustly ‘yang’ in its fundamental dynamics and visual impact.
It is known as ‘The Old Man Set,’ ‘As You Wish Fist,’ and ‘Printing The Red Palm,’ because it contains mastery of techniques which only the most gifted Shaolin gong fu masters and traditional Shaolin fighting monks of old attained after a lifetime of patient study and exceptional success in fighting application.
With this level of gong fu reached, the Luohan Ru Yi System enabled its practitioners to use techniques, to ‘push through’ any form of attack, and defeat or kill the challenger.

References
External links
Shifu Alan Tinnion Luohan Ru-Yi Quan 羅 漢 如 意 拳
Mr. Lum Kwoon Hoong Luohan Ru-Yi Quan 羅 漢 如 意 拳

Title: Bethwel Yegon
Bethwel Yegon (born 5 January 1993) is a Kenyan marathon runner, who came second at the 2021 Berlin Marathon.

Career
In 2018, Yegon came fourth at the Kaptagat Forest Half Marathon race. In 2019, he came second in the 10 kilometre Stadsloop Appingedam race, finishing behind countryman Shadrack Koech. Later in the year, he finished eighth at the 2019 Berlin Marathon in a time of 2:08:35. It was his marathon debut.
Yegon was one of four Kenyans that competed at the 2021 Berlin Marathon, the other three being Festus Talam, Michael Njenga and Benard Kimeli. He finished second in a time of 2:06.14, ahead of third-placed Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele, who had been the favourite to win. He was the highest finishing Kenyan in the race. At the race's half distance, Yegon had been 82 seconds behind the leading group. He caught up to 17 seconds behind after 35 kilometres (22 mi) of the race, before overtaking Bekele.

References
External links
Bethwel Yegon at World Athletics

Title: Patryk Poręba
Patryk Poręba (born 25 April 1992) is a Polish luger. He competed at the FIL World Luge Championships 2013 in Whistler, British Columbia, and at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, in doubles and team relay.

References
External links
Patryk Poręba at FIL
Patryk Poręba at the Polish Olympic Committee (archived) (in Polish)
Patryk Poręba at Olympedia

Title: Barbirey-sur-Ouche
Barbirey-sur-Ouche (French pronunciation: [baʁbiʁɛ syʁ uʃ], literally Barbirey on Ouche) is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.

Geography
Barbirey-sur-Ouche is located some 25 km south-west of Dijon and 11 km east of Créancey. Access to the commune is by the D33 road from Gissey-sur-Ouche in the north-east which passes through the village and continues south to Saint-Victor-sur-Ouche. The D114 goes west from the village then north-west to Grenant-lès-Sombernon. The commune is heavily forested on the hillsides to the north and south with farmland in the valley.
The Ouche river passes through the commune just east of the village flowing from south to north to eventually join the Saône just east of Saint-Jean-de-Losne. The Ruisseau de la Gironde flows from the west down the valley to join the Ouche near the village. The Canal de Bourgogne (Burgundy Canal) also passes through the commune parallel to the Ouche on the eastern side. There are two locks in the commune - the Écluse de Dainevy to the south and another lock further north.

History
On 17 March 1794 Jean Vivant Micault de Corbeton (10 May 1725 - 17 March 1794), Chairman of the Parliament of Burgundy in Dijon before the French Revolution, Lord of Agey, Meilly-sur-Rouvres, Rouvres-sous-Meilly, Saligny, Liernolles, Maconge, Barbirey-sur-Ouche, Santenay, Pommard, and other places, last Marquis of Joncy, and husband of Marie Françoise Trudaine, was beheaded in the Place du Morimont (now the Place Emile Zola) in Dijon.
Barbirey-sur-Ouche appears as Barbirey fur Ouche on the 1750 Cassini Map and the same on the 1790 version.

Heraldry
Administration
List of Successive Mayors

Demography
The inhabitants of the commune are known as Barbirotins or Barbirotines in French.

Culture and heritage
Civil heritage
The commune has a number of buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments:

A Vineyard (19th century)
Houses and Farms (18th-19th century)
A Chateau (16th century)
The Chateau Grounds (17th century)
A Lavoir (Public laundry) at Jaugey (1836). The Lavoir contains two items that are registered as historical objects:
A Bronze Bell (1515)
The Furniture in the Lavoir
A Lavoir (Public laundry) (1863)
A School (19th century)
Other sites of interest
A Tumulus and cave at Roche-Chèvre

Barbirey-sur-Ouche Picture Gallery
Religious heritage
The commune has several religious buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments:

The Parish Church of Saint Martin (12th century). The Church contains many items that are registered as historical objects:
A Bronze Bell (1521)
Statues (16th-19th century)
The Furniture in the Church
A Half-relief: Adoration of the Shepherds (18th century)
A Retable (18th century)

See also
Communes of the Côte-d'Or department


== References ==

Title: Birger Persson
Herr Birger Persson (sometimes Petersson) of Finsta (??? - 3 April 1327) was a Swedish magnate, knight, privy councillor and Uppland's first lawspeaker.  He was a co-drafter of the Law of Uppland, and father of Saint Bridget of Sweden. He was also son of the knight Per Israelsson. 
Birger is portrayed with several coats of arms. According to the tombstone in Uppsala Cathedral, his shield showed two lowered wings, close together, without major gaps. But his seal in medieval letters shows two wings, the upper base of which is well separated, at large intervals, between a six-leafed rose, which hangs in a garland-like object.

References
Further reading
Brilioth, Yngve: "Birger Petersson" in Svenskt biografiskt lexikon (1924), vol. 4, pp. 436–439
Bengt Hildebrand, "Finsta-ätten", in Svenskt biografiskt lexikon, vol. 16, pp. 51 f.
Jarl Gallén, with contribution from A. Filip Liljeholm, "Finstaätten" in Äldre svenska frälsesläkter, vol. 1:1 (1957), pp. 34–38

Title: Hadrumetum
Hadrumetum, also known by many variant spellings and names, was a Phoenician colony that pre-dated Carthage. It subsequently became one of the most important cities in Roman Africa before Vandal and Umayyad conquerors left it ruined. In the early modern period, it was the village of Hammeim, now part of Sousse, Tunisia.
A number of punic steles were found during excavations at the site of the modern day Église Notre-Dame-de-l'Immaculée-Conception de Sousse.

Names
The Phoenician and Punic name for the place was DRMT (𐤃‬𐤓‬𐤌𐤕‬), "Southern", or ʾDRMT (𐤀𐤃‬𐤓‬𐤌𐤕‬), "The Southern". A similar structure appears in the Phoenician name for old Cadiz, which appears as Gadir ("Stronghold") or Agadir ("The Stronghold").
The ancient transcriptions of the name show a great deal of variation. Different Greeks hellenized the name as Adrýmē (Ἀδρύμη), Adrýmēs (Ἀδρύμης), Adrýmēton (Ἀδρύμητον), Adrýmētos (Ἀδρύμητος), Adramýtēs (Ἀδραμύτης), Adrámētós (Ἀδράμητος) and Adrumetum (Ἀδρούμητον). Surviving Roman inscriptions and coinage standardized its latinization as Hadrumetum but it appears in other sources as Adrumetum, Adrumetus, Adrimetum, Hadrymetum, etc. Upon its notional refounding as a Roman colony, its formal name was emended to Colonia Concordia Ulpia Trajana Augusta Frugifera Hadrumetina to honor its imperial sponsor.
It was renamed Honoriopolis after the emperor Honorius in the early 5th century, then Hunericopolis after the Vandal king Huneric and Justinianopolis after the first few years of occupation from emperor Justinian I.

Geography
Hadrumetum controlled the mouth of a small river on the Gulf of Hammamet (Latin: Sinus Neapolitanus), an inlet of the Mediterranean along the Tunisian coast.

History
Phoenician colony
In the 9th century BC, Tyrians established Hadrumetum as a trading post and waypoint along their trade routes to Italy and the Strait of Gibraltar. Its establishment preceded Carthage's but, like other western Phoenician colonies, it became part of the Carthaginian Empire following Nebuchadnezzar II's long siege of Tyre in the 580s and 570s BC.

Carthaginian city
Agathocles of Syracuse captured the town in 310 BC during the Seventh Sicilian War, as part of his failed attempt to move the conflict to Africa. Hadrumetum later provided refuge to Hannibal and other Carthaginian survivors after their 202 BC defeat at Zama, which decided the outcome of the Second Punic War. The total length of the Punic fortifications was apparently 6,410 meters (21,030 ft); some ruins survive.

Roman city
During the Third Punic War, the government of Hadrumetum supported the Romans against Carthage and, after Carthage's destruction in 146 BC, it received additional territory and the status of a free city in thanks. During this period, it chose its own shufets (Latin: duumvir) and minted its own bronze coins with the head of "Neptune" or the Sun.
During the civil war between Pompey and Julius Caesar, G. Considius Longus secured Hadrumetum for the Optimates with forces equivalent to two legions. Despite being reinforced by Gn. Calpurnius Piso's Berber cavalry and footmen from Clupea, however, he was obliged to allow Caesar to land nearby on 28 December 47 BC. According to Suetonius, this landing was the occasion of the famously deft recovery, when Caesar tripped while coming ashore but dealt with the poor omen by grabbing handfuls of dirt and proclaiming "I have you now, Africa!" (Latin: teneo te Africa) Caesar's attempts to negotiate with Longus were rejected but the campaign subsequently led to his victory over Metellus Scipio and Juba at Thapsus, after which Longus was killed by his own men for the money he was carrying and the town went over to Caesar.

Hadrumetum was one of the most important communities in Roman North Africa because of the fertility of its hinterland (modern Tunisia's Sahel), which made it an important source of Rome's grain supply. It quarreled with its neighbor Thysdrus over the temple of a goddess equated to Minerva, which stood on their shared border.
Under Augustus, Hadrumetum's coins bore his face obverse and the name (and often face) of Africa's proconsul reverse; after Augustus, the mint was closed. Hadrumetum revolted while Vespasian was proconsul of Africa. It nonetheless continued to prosper; Trajan gave it the rank of a Roman colony, giving its residents Roman citizenship. A breathtaking legacy of intricate mosaics survives from this era, together with many early Christian objects from the catacombs. It was the second city in Roman Africa after Carthage and the birthplace of Clodius Albinus, who attempted to become emperor in the 190s. At the end of the 3rd century, it became the capital of the new province of Byzacena  (modern Sahel, Tunisia).

Later history
In 434, it was largely destroyed by the Vandals; their fervent Arianism produced a number of orthodox martyrs in the remaining community, including SS Felix and Victorian. A century later, Hadrumetum was retaken and rebuilt by the Byzantines during the Vandal War. It was conquered by the Umayyad Caliphate in the 7th century.
The ruins of Hadrumetum stood in the village of Hammeim, 10 kilometers (6 mi) from the later Sousse, which grew up to include them in its outskirts.
Under colonial rule, the French engineer A. Daux rediscovered the jetties and moles of the Roman town's commercial harbor and the line of its military harbor; both had been mostly artificial and have silted up since antiquity. Louis Carton and Abbé Leynaud rediscovered the Christian catacombs in 1904; the tunnels extend for miles through small subterranean galleries filled with Roman and Byzantine sarcophagi and inscriptions.

Ruins
In addition to the Punic walls, Roman harbors, and Byzantine catacombs, there are ruins of the Byzantine acropolis and basilica; the Roman horse track, cisterns, the theater; and a Punic necropolis.

Religion
As a major Roman city, Hadrumetum produced a number of Christian saints, including Mavilus during the regional persecutions of Caracalla's reign and the Bishop Felix and proconsul Victorian during the Vandals' efforts to forcibly convert their subjects to Arianism. From 255 to 551, the city was the seat of a Christian bishopric. The see was revived in the 17th century as a Catholic titular see.

List of bishops
There were nine ancient bishops of Hadrumetum who are still known.

Polycarp, who appeared at the 256 Council of Carthage
St Felix, martyred by Gaiseric
St Primasius
Raphael de Figueredo (1681.05.14 – 1695.10.12)
Salvator-Alexandre-Félix-Carmel Brincat (1889.05.12 – 1909.04.02)
Giacinto Gaggia (1909.04.29 – 1913.10.28)
Jean-Marie Bourchany (1914.01.13 – 1931.11.27)
Carlo Re, IMC (1931.12.14 – 1951.12.29)
Jorge Manrique Hurtado (1952.02.23 – 1956.07.28)
Celestin Bezmalinovic, OP (1956.08.07 – 1967)
Mijo Škvorc, SJ (1970.06.16 – 1989.02.15)
Marian Błażej Kruszyłowicz, OFM Conv (1989.12.09 – present)

References
Citations
Bibliography
A New Classical Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography, Mythology, and Geography, New York: Harper & Bros, 1860.
Babelon, Ernest Charles François (1911). "Hadrumetum" . In Chisholm, Hugh (ed.). Encyclopædia Britannica. Vol. 12 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 802–803.
Maldonado López, Gabriel (2013), Las Ciudades Fenicio Púnicas en el Norte de África... (PDF). (in Spanish)
Norie, J.W. (1831), New Piloting Directions for the Mediterranean Sea..., London: J.W. Norie & Co.
Pétridès, Sophrone (1910), "Hadrumetum", Catholic Encyclopedia, vol.  VII, New York: Robert Appleton Co.

External links
Sousse (Sūsa) Archived 2008-12-11 at the Wayback Machine Encyclopaedia of the Orient
Adventures of Tunisia: A virtual tour of the historic sites of Sousse Archived 2008-09-22 at the Wayback Machine
GigaCatholic, with titular incumbents lists and linked biographies

Title: Falcke
Falcke is a German surname from the German word Falke for falcon. Notable people with the surname include:

George Falcke (1891–1979), Danish gymnast
Heino Falcke (born 1966), German astrophysicist
Martin Müller-Falcke (born 1972), German rower

Title: Callow Hill
Callow Hill may refer to the following places in England:

Callow Hill, Herefordshire, a location
Callow Hill, Shropshire, a hill
Callow Hill, Somerset, a location
Callow Hill, Wiltshire, a hamlet
Callow Hill, Worcestershire, a hamlet near Redditch
Callow Hill, Wyre Forest, a location near Bewdley

Title: Manjar blanco
The manjar blanco (Spanish pronunciation: [maŋˈxaɾ ˈblaŋko], or also in Spanish as manjar de leche), known in Catalan as menjar blanc or menjablanc, is a term used in Spanish- and Catalan- speaking areas of the world in reference to a variety of milk-based delicacies. It refers to variations of blancmange, a European delicacy found in various parts of the continent as well as the United Kingdom.
In the Americas (South America primarily) it refers to a sweet, white spread or pastry filling made with milk. This term is sometimes used interchangeably with dulce de leche or cajeta in Latin America but these terms generally refer to delicacies prepared differently from those just described. Related dishes exist by other names in other regions, such as tembleque in Puerto Rico. In Portuguese-speaking countries, the dish is slightly different and known as manjar branco.

Spain and the Catalan speaking-areas
Manjar blanco in Spain and in other parts of Europe refers to a dessert (blancmange in English), traditionally light brown in color (although often colored by added ingredients), made with a mould with a consistency like gelatin (in fact modern varieties are often made with gelatin). In the Middle Ages, the dish was prepared with chicken or fish, rice, sugar, and almond milk or milk and other ingredients (the dish was probably influenced by the Arab cuisine of Muslim Spain). Today the primary ingredients in Spain tend to be milk, almonds, corn starch or gelatin, and sugar.
In the Catalan Countries, the recipe dates back to the Middle Ages and it is present in cookbooks as old as the Llibre de Sent Soví (1324), one of the oldest in Europe that was not published in Latin. One of the most famous variations of the menjar blanc in this area is the one from Reus, produced since the 1910s and considered a historical local delicacy based on the almond as its key ingredient. It has no gelatin in its recipe. Another famous variation is the one from l'Alguer (Sardinia), that was exported from Reus and that later on evolved without any almond—only containing milk, starch, sugar, and lemon peel.

South America
This term is used in Peru, Ecuador, Chile, and Bolivia (not to be confused with natillas which is a similar but separate dish). It refers to a set of similar dishes traditionally made by slowly and gently cooking pure (normally non-homogenized) milk to thicken and reduce the volume, and gradually adding sugar. In some regions other ingredients such as vanilla, citrus juices, cinnamon, and even rice may also be added. Usually a double boiler of some sort is employed so as to prevent browning of the mixture (which would give it a different flavor). The result is a white or cream-colored, thick spread with a consistency much like that of a thick cake frosting although the flavor is more like that of sweetened cream (with accents of whatever additional ingredients may have been added). The cooking process is largely the same as for creating sweetened condensed milk except that the result is normally thicker.
Although manjar blanco can be used as spread much like jelly or jam is used in the U.S., it is also commonly used as a filling for pastries and cookies such as alfajores and tejas.

Colombia
Manjar blanco is a traditional Christmas dish in Colombia, along with natilla. It is made out of ingredients like milk, rice, and sugar, which are heated for a long period of time until the right texture is achieved. Manjar blanco is usually eaten with a slice of natilla, buñuelos, and hojuelas, creating a flavor combination from the salty buñuelos with the two sweet desserts. Manjar blanco can be found in stores during Christmas time, but is also found in stores throughout the year.

Central America
In Guatemala, El Salvador, and other countries in Central America manjar de leche is a pudding or custard made with milk, cornstarch (to thicken), sugar, and often other ingredients such as vanilla, cinnamon or other flavorings. This white-colored confection may be eaten by itself or used as a pastry filling. In Costa Rica, the term "natilla" refers to a cultured buttermilk-like product with a butterfat content ranging from 12% ("liviana") to 14%, sold in stores in plastic pouches. It is used as a condiment on such dishes as gallo pinto, baked potatoes, steamed vegetables and the like.

Philippines
Manjar blanco is known as tibuktíbuk in Pampangan and tibok-tibok in Tagalog. There also exists an indigenized, plant-based adaptation of this dessert called maja blanca which instead uses coconut milk, alongside cornstarch or gulaman (algae-derived thickener) and sugar. It also commonly includes corn kernels, and this variation is known as maja blanca con maíz.

See also
Buñuelos
Hojuelas
List of spreads

References
External links
Blanc-Manger: A Journey Through Time

Title: Mitchell R. Julis
Mitchell R. Julis (born April 14, 1955) is an American businessman and co-founding partner of Los Angeles hedge fund Canyon Capital Advisors.

Early life and education
Born to a Jewish family, the son of Thelma (née Rabinowitz) and Maurice Julis. His parents were both immigrants: his father was of Greek-Jewish descent and worked as a social studies teacher and junior high school assistant principal; while his mother was of Polish-Jewish descent and worked as a speech therapist. When he was a youth, his family moved from New York City to Rockland County, New York. Mitchell attended the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University, graduating in 1977 with a bachelor of arts degree magna cum laude. He then earned a Juris Doctor degree, magna cum laude, from Harvard Law School and a Master of Business Administration with honors from Harvard Business School. During his years at Harvard, Julis became friends and roommates with Joshua S. Friedman, with whom he would later form Canyon.

Early career
A summer internship with a bankruptcy firm in Los Angeles lessened Julis’ interest in practicing law. Dissatisfied with the experience, he began writing articles about the uses of bankruptcy in the entertainment industry. In 1982, Julis was reporting an article for Los Angeles Magazine about getting rich in a recession, which led him to interview Henry Wilf, an employee of bond trading firm Drexel Burnham Lambert. The conversation convinced Wilf that Julis would be better suited to investing than to journalism. In 1982, Julis took a job as a bankruptcy and creditors’ rights attorney at New York law firm Wachtell, Litpton, Rosen & Katz. Julis and Wilf stayed in touch and Wilf introduced Julis to Lowell Milken, the younger brother of Drexel chief Michael Milken. In November 1983, Julis joined Drexel Burnham Lambert.

Founding Canyon
Julis and Friedman founded Canyon Capital Advisors in 1990, after Drexel Burnham Lambert was closed in 1990. Canyon is a multi-strategy hedge fund that invests in such asset classes as bank debt, high yield and distressed securities, securitized assets and equities. According to Forbes.com, Julis was the 28th highest earning hedge fund manager in 2014 earning $150 million. Canyon's flagship Value Realization fund scored a net return of 18.06% in 2014.

Personal
Julis has served on the advisory council of Princeton's Department of Economics. In addition to the gift to establish the center, the Julis family also created the Julis Foundation Preceptorship at Princeton in 2007. The center is named in honor of his father and mother, Maurice Julis and  Thelma Rabinowitz Julis who taught in New York during the 1970s. In 2015, Julis made a gift to Harvard Law School to establish the Julis-Rabinowitz Program in Jewish and Israeli Law. The inaugural director of the program is the Professor Noah Feldman.


== References ==

Title: Pacific Basin Shipping Limited
Pacific Basin Shipping Limited is a maritime transport company engaged in international dry bulk shipping through the operation of a fleet of vessels to carry diverse cargoes for many of the world's leading commodity groups. Pacific Basin operates a fleet of Handysize and Supramax vessels globally.

History
Pacific Basin was first founded as Pacific Basin Bulk Shipping Limited, a bulk carrier operator, in 1987, but it was acquired and privatized by an independent company in 1996. However, the former senior management reestablished the company as Pacific Basin Shipping Limited in 1998. Pacific Basin Shipping Limited was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2004.

Bass Strait
Pacific Basin is the owner and operator of Bass Strait, a cargo ship that launched a series of drones that surveilled and harassed United States Navy ships, including the USS Paul Hamilton, in waters off of Southern California in 2019, according to documents released to The Drive under the Freedom of Information Act.

References
External links
Official website

Title: East 55th station
East 55th station (signed as East 55th Street) is a station on the RTA Red, Blue, and Green Lines in Cleveland, Ohio. The station entrance is located on the east side of East 55th Street just north of the intersection with Bower Avenue and the eastern terminus of Interstate 490.
The station is fairly unusual in that it serves both high-level boarding rapid transit or heavy rail trains and low-level boarding light rail trains from a single central island platform. High-level boarding for the Red Line is located at the western end of the platform and low-level boarding for the Green and Blue Lines is to the east. East 55th and Tri-C–Campus District are the only stations on the Blue/Green Line, other than downtown's Tower City station, to have island platforms. Therefore, due to the fare collection procedure used on the Blue/Green Line, disembarking Blue/Green Line westbound passengers must walk to the front of the train and pay their fare or swipe/dip their farecard at the farebox before walking back through the train to exit one of the car's side left doors. Likewise, passengers departing East 55th station on the Blue/Green Line going eastbound must board the train through one of the train's left side doors and then immediately walk to the front of the train to pay their fare or swipe/dip their farecard at the farebox.

History
The station was first used for the Shaker Rapid Transit, the predecessor of the Green and Blue Lines. The Shaker Rapid Transit opened along private right-of-way from Shaker Square to East 34th Street on April 11, 1920.: 22 
The station then consisted of a low-level island platform and a wooden stairway to East 55th Street.
The Shaker Rapid Transit was able to use an island platform at this station and at East 34th Street because it used left side running on its dual tracks west of East 65th Street (that is, each train traveled forward on the left track of the pair, instead of the right as is common and as done over the rest of the line). Therefore, the doors on the right side of each car opened onto the island platform at these stations. The switch from right to left side and vice versa was accomplished at a complex of tunnels located at East 65th Street. The tunnels also provided access from the trunk line to the Kingsbury Car Yard and Shops located in the Sidaway Valley, and they allowed for connection to the proposed line along the right-of-way eventually used by the Red Line.
When the CTS Rapid Transit (today's Red Line) was built, high-level side platforms were installed on each side of the island platform to accommodate the subway-style cars. Separate stairways were constructed from the two side platforms to a fare booth located at the East 55th Street entrance. The CTS line was opened on March 15, 1955. The CTS Rapid Transit and the Shaker Rapid Transit stations operated independently. Since the CTS Rapid Transit and the Shaker Rapid Transit were separately owned and since there was no transfer provided between the lines, there was no reason to have a connection at track level between the two stations.

When the Regional Transit Authority was formed on September 5, 1975, it merged the CTS and Shaker Rapid Transit systems, so convenient connection between the lines was needed. RTA first encouraged passengers to transfer at East 34th station where a platform level connection had existed since 1971.: 94  Eventually, the island platform was eliminated along with the separate stairway to East 55th Street, and new low-level platforms were constructed at the western end of the high-level platforms. The high-level platforms were shortened, since RTA no longer ran the longer trains for which the platforms were originally designed.
In 2009, RTA began a complete renovation of the station as it had not received any significant improvements since its original construction and was not accessible compliant. The rebuilt station opened in 2011 and includes a new headhouse built on the northeast corner of East 55th and Bower Ave attached to a new parking lot and bus loop. From the headhouse, a bridge extends over the eastbound rapid tracks to a stairway and elevator leading to a single, central island platform. After reaching the platform, passengers may proceed forward to the west and walk up a ramp to the high level Red Line platform, or may turn and walk east to the low level Blue/Green Line platform. Passengers may also walk from one end of the platform to the other to switch from the Red Line to the Blue/Green Line or vice versa.

Central Rail Maintenance Facility
East 55th Station is located adjacent to RTA's Central Rail Maintenance Facility, opened on April 29, 1984, on a 20-acre (81,000 m2) site. The yard for all rapid transit cars was built on the site of the former rail yard of the Nickel Plate Road. The nearby Kingbury Shops originally built for the Shaker Rapid Transit were closed as operations were consolidated in the Central Rail facility.

Notable places nearby
Bohemian National Hall
Brotherhood Park
East Technical High School
Shiloh Baptist Church
Outhwaite Homes
Woodland Cemetery

References
External links
 Media related to East 55th station at Wikimedia Commons

E. 55 Rapid Station (GCRTA)

Title: Andrew Bird (film editor)
Andrew Bird is a British-born film editor. He has worked mostly in the German cinema.   He has edited multiple films including The Seed of the Sacred Fig, The Edge of Heaven, Soul Kitchen and Head-On.

Awards and nominations
German Film Awards:

2021, Best Editing, A Symphony of Noise (nominated)
2017, Best Editing, Goodbye Berlin (nominated)
2008, Best Editing, The Edge of Heaven Winner (won)

References
External links
Andrew Bird at IMDb

Title: 1996–97 Buffalo Sabres season
The 1996–97 Buffalo Sabres season was the 27th for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on May 22, 1970. The season was the first season in the newly constructed Marine Midland Arena. The Sabres also underwent a drastic uniform change, replacing the blue and gold colors and classic crest with a black and red color scheme and new white buffalo-head logo. The Sabres won their first Northeast Division title, their first division title in 16 years.

Off-season
Regular season
On January 12, 1997, Jason Dawe scored just ten seconds into the overtime period to give the Sabres a 3–2 road win over the Phoenix Coyotes. It would prove to be the fastest overtime goal scored during the 1996–97 NHL regular season.
The Sabres allowed the fewest shorthanded goals (4) and scored the most shorthanded goals (16) in the NHL. The Sabres' power play struggled, as they finished 26th in power-play percentage, with 13.19% (43 for 326). The Sabres were also shut out a league-high 10 times during the regular season.

Season standings
Divisions: ATL – Atlantic, NE – Northeast
bold – Qualified for playoffs

Playoffs
The Sabres defeated the Ottawa Senators in the first round. The series was played to overtime in Game 7. Derek Plante scored the series clinching goal in overtime. The Sabres then lost to the Philadelphia Flyers in five games in the second round.

Schedule and results
Regular season
Playoffs
Player statistics
Scoring
Position abbreviations: C = Center; D = Defense; G = Goaltender; LW = Left Wing; RW = Right Wing
† = Joined team via a transaction (e.g., trade, waivers, signing) during the season. Stats reflect time with the Sabres only.
‡ = Left team via a transaction (e.g., trade, waivers, release) during the season. Stats reflect time with the Sabres only.

Goaltending
Awards and records
Awards
Milestones
Draft picks
Buffalo's draft picks at the 1996 NHL entry draft held at the Kiel Center in St. Louis, Missouri.

Notes


== References ==

Title: Erich Neuwirth
Erich Neuwirth (born October 17, 1948) is a professor emeritus of statistics and computer science at the University of Vienna.

Research
Neuwirth studied Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Vienna and received the doctorate in 1974. He started teaching at the University of Vienna in 1969 and was promoted to professor in 1987. He was employed at the Department for Statistics and Decision Support Systems at the faculty of mathematics and the faculty of computer science.
He was a visiting professor at the Northeastern University (Boston) and the National Institute of Multimedia Education in Makuhari (Japan).
The main areas of his research are election analysis and forecasts, combinatorics, mathematics and music and spreadsheets as tools for mathematical understanding. Another important research area is the PISA studies. He investigated the statistical analysis of the PISA studies 2003 and recognized significant errors. Due to his findings the results of the studies were corrected.

Other
Erich Neuwirth developed the statconn Server and R package RExcel. with Thomas Baier. The statconn server combines R and Scilab with Microsoft Excel or OpenOffice. RExcel is an add-in for Microsoft Excel, which allows the use of R within Excel.

Awards
Neuwirth won the European Academic Software Award 1996 for STIMM.
This project later became the book (+ Multimedia CD) Musical Temperament mentioned in the Books section.

Books
Erich Neuwirth: Musical Temperaments, Springer, Wien (January 1998), ISBN 978-3-211-83040-6
Erich Neuwirth, Ivo Ponocny und Wilfried Grossmann: PISA 2000 und PISA 2003: Vertiefende Analysen und Beiträge zur Methodik, Leykam (June 2006), ISBN 3-7011-7569-1
Erich Neuwirth, Deane Arganbright: The Active Modeler: Mathematical Modeling with Microsoft Excel, Duxbury, ISBN 0-534-42085-0
Erich Neuwirth, Richard M. Heiberger: R Through Excel: A Spreadsheet Interface for Statistics, Data Analysis, and Graphics, Springer, ISBN 978-1-4419-0051-7

References
External links
Sunsite Archived 2007-07-01 at the Wayback Machine
Homepage of Erich Neuwirth
Neuwirth - Faculty of Computer Science
Erich Neuwirth at the Mathematics Genealogy Project

Title: Panelian Raikas
Panelian Raikas, abbreviated PaRa, is an ice hockey club in the Panelia area of Eura municipality in Finland. PaRa was established in 1920 as an athletics club but, as of 2024, it exclusively operates departments in ice hockey. The club's home venue is Panelian jäähalli (lit. 'Panelia's ice hall').
The PaRa men's representative team competes in the III-divisioona, the fifth-tier men's national ice hockey league in Finland. At its peak during the 1950s and 1960s, the team competed in the third-tier Maakuntasarja (replaced by 2. Divisioona in 1975, which was itself replaced by the Suomi-sarja in 1999).
PaRa has an agreement with the minor affiliate club of Lukko, through which it co-operates two women's teams in the Finnish national leagues. The club's representative women's team, PaRa/Lukko, plays in the third-tier Naisten Suomi-sarja. Lukko's representative women's team, Lukko/PaRa, plays in the second-tier Naisten Mestis.


== References ==

Title: Aditya Dicky Singh
Aditya 'Dicky' Singh (May 1966 – 6 September 2023) was an Indian wildlife conservationist and wildlife photographer.

Career
Singh was educated at the Modern School, Barakhamba in New Delhi.
Singh had a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from Bangalore. He was an IAS officer. He joined and then left the Indian Civil Service to pursue his interests in wildlife conservation and wildlife photography.
Singh was famous for his project on the edge of Ranthambore National Park in Rajasthan, India in which he converted 40 acres of land on the edge of Ranthambore into a wild area over decades from 1998 onwards.
Initially, Singh and his wife leased government property in Khilchipur which they transformed into a resort that started operations in 1998. Eventually, they closed down their resort and had a six-room luxury homestay in their own house.
Singh was either a field assistant or a line producer for many wildlife documentaries for the BBC's Wildlife Division, National Geographic Film and Television, Japan's NHK Broadcasting Service, Irish television, and others.
Singh bought a patch of land near Ranthambore Fort in 2000. Eventually, he had accumulated 50 acres of land and he decided to reforest the area. They kept buying patches of adjacent land which they fenced off and left unattended. It took a decade for trees to grow back on their land.
Singh was involved in tiger conservation projects and also played a key role in the setting up, planning and execution of an anti-poaching initiative called 'Operation Co-Operation' which was a joint effort between the local Forest Department and the Ranthambhore National Park, and which led to the identification and capture of tiger poachers.
Singh was the author of the book "Noor: Queen of Ranthambore" about the tigress Noor.

Personal life and death
Dicky Singh was married to Poonam, and had a daughter named Nyra.
Singh died of a heart attack in his sleep on 6 September 2023, at the age of 57.
Valmik Thapar described Singh as one of the finest wildlife photographers.

Awards
Singh won the Carl Zeiss Award for Conservation in 2012 and the Sanctuary Wildlife Photographer of the Year award in 2011.

References
External links
Aditya Dicky Singh on Twitter
This Indian businessman quit his job to protect wildlife through forest regeneration https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/03/tigers-india-biodiversity-conservation

Title: Sahar Khalifeh
Sahar Khalifeh (Arabic: سحر خليفة; born 1941) is a Palestinian writer. She has written eleven novels, which have been translated into English, French, Hebrew, German, Spanish, and many other languages. One of her best-known works is the novel Wild Thorns (1976). She has won international prizes, including the 2006 Naguib Mahfouz Medal for Literature, for The Image, the Icon, and the Covenant. Khalifeh obtained her Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Birzeit University, Palestine.

Biography
Sahar Khalifeh was born in Nablus, British Mandate Palestine, the fifth of eight daughters. Khalifeh reflects “I learned that I was a member of a miserable, useless, worthless sex. From childhood, I was taught to prepare myself for the risks associated with being a woman.”
In childhood, Khalifeh found creative outlets like reading, writing, and painting. She was married off against her will shortly after finishing high school in Amman, Jordan. She describes her 13-year marriage as “miserable and devastating” and did not write during this period. She once again found refuge in books: “I indulged, just like anybody else in the educated Arab world, in the existentialist movement and existential intellectualism. Until the Occupation took place, I continued to be an existentialist.”
After the 1967 defeat of Jordan and subsequent Israeli occupation of the West Bank, Khalifeh began writing again. She began with “resistance poetry”, inspired by the works of Mahmoud Darwish before breaking from the limited female narratives typical in resistance literature. Her first novel, After the Defeat, followed the interactions of families in a Nablus apartment building after the war. The only manuscript of this novel was confiscated by Israeli authorities and never published. Khalifeh continued writing and We Are Not Your Slaves Any Longer, was published in 1974, followed by her best-known novel, Wild Thorns, in 1976. Wild Thorns explored class nuances under Israeli occupation. She published The Sunflower in 1980 as a sequel to Wild Thorns to focus on female narratives that were largely absent from the original story. In her autobiography, A Novel for My Story, she describes beginning life as a university student at the age of thirty-two alongside two other friends from Nablus.
She continued her education in the U.S., receiving a Fulbright scholarship to complete her MA in English from the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill. She received her Ph.D. in Women's studies and American literature from the University of Iowa. She returned to Nablus in 1988 after the start of the first intifada and began writing Bab al-Saha (Passage to the Plaza), a novel depicting women's lives against the background of the Intifada. In 1988, Khalifeh also founded the Women's Affairs Center in Nablus. She describes her work with women in Nablus in an interview with Penny Johnson “I didn't bring an image of an institution from abroad. I learned from ‘reality.’” Khalifeh has since opened Women’s Affairs Center branches in Gaza City, West Bank, and Amman, Jordan.
Khalifeh has continued writing, one of her recent publications أصلٌ وفصل (Root and Branch) was published in 2009 by Dar al-Adeb and translated into English as Of Noble Origins in 2012. This novel, set on the eve of the Nakba of 1948 & the state of Israel’s establishment, explores the stories of characters confronting the British Mandate and the Zionist movement. Khalifeh’s most recent publication of 2010 My First and Only Love follows the story of a Palestinian woman who, after many years in exile, returns home to Nablus. This novel was published in English by Hoopoe in March 2021. Khalifeh has published eleven novels, all of which deal with the situation of the Palestinians under occupation.

Selected works
Publications by Khalifeh
The following novels are available in translation into English:

Wild Thorns. Interlink. 2000. OCLC 42581514.
The Inheritance. Translated by Bamia, Aida A. American University in Cairo Press. 2005. OCLC 62887830.
The End of Spring. Translated by Haydar, Paula. Interlink. 2008. OCLC 154799504.
The Image, the Icon and the Covenant. Translated by Bamia, Aida A. Interlink. 2008. OCLC 147985601.
Of Noble Origins. Translated by Bamia, Aida A. American University in Cairo Press. 2012. OCLC 748331417.
Passage to the Plaza. Translated by Hussain, Sawad. Seagull Books. 2020. OCLC 1139137431.
My First and Only Love. Translated by Bamia, Aida A. Hoopoe. 2021. OCLC 1250276496.
Other novels not translated into English:

Lam na’ud ghawārī lakum لم نعد جواري لكم [We Are not Your Slave Girls Anymore]. Dar al-Adab. 1974.
Abbad al-Shams عباد الشمس [The Sunflower]. Dar al-Adab. 1980.
Mudhakkirāt imra’ah ghayr wāqi’īyah مذكرات امرأة غير واقعية [Memoirs of an Unrealistic Woman]. Dar al-Adab. 1986.
Rabi’ Harr ربيع حار [Hot Spring]. Dar al-Adab. 2004.

Publications with contributions by Khalifeh
Anthology of Modern Palestinian Literature by Salma Jayyusi (Columbia University Press), contains excerpts of her earlier work

Awards
2006: Naguib Mahfouz Medal for Literature for The Image, the Icon, and the Covenant.
2013: The Mohamed Zafzaf Prize, Morocco

References
External links

Bio-bibliography (in French) on the site Samed devoted to palestinian literature
Arab World Books
al-Mallah, Ahmad. "Sahar Khalifa." Twentieth-Century Arabic Writers. Dictionary of Literary Biography Vol. 346. Gale, 2009. Literature Resource Center. Gale. 17 Mar. 2009 Gale Literature Resource Center
Who Is Hidden beneath the Burqa? An Appeal to the West by Sahar Khalifa

Title: List of tambon in Thailand (H–I)
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letters H and I. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.

See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand

Title: Chen Jue (athlete)
Chen Jue (Chinese: 陈珏; born 23 March 1988 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres.
At the 2006 Asian Games she finished seventh in the 200 metres and won a gold medal in the 4 × 100 m relay.
She was the back-up runner for the 4x100 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She won the silver in the relay event for Jiangsu at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009 with Jiang Lan also part of the team.
Her personal best time is 23.52 seconds, achieved in July 2004 in Beijing. In the 100 metres she has 11.50 seconds, achieved in October 2007 in Wuhan.

References
Chen Jue at World Athletics 
Team China 2008

Title: Sky Bandits
Sky Bandits may refer to:

Sky Bandits (1940 film), an American film directed by Ralph Staub
Sky Bandits (1986 film), a British film directed by Zoran Perisic

See also
Sky pirate (disambiguation)

Title: Daddy, Come Home
Daddy, Come Home is a song written by Irving Berlin and first published in 1913. The humorous song begins "Hello Central, dear Central, listen here: please connect me with my father" and tells the story from the point of view of a young boy calling his father on the telephone to ask him to leave work and deal with an assortment of family problems at home.
The song was recorded on December 13, 1913, by Billy Murray for The Victor Talking Machine Company (No. 14167).

See also
The telephone in United States history


== References ==

Title: Ceutorhynchus semirufus
Ceutorhynchus semirufus is a species of minute seed weevil in the family Curculionidae. It is found in North America.

References


== Further reading ==

Title: John Keeley
John Henry Keeley (born 27 July 1961) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently a goalkeeping coach at Woking.

Playing career
Born in Plaistow, Essex, Keeley began his career at Southend United. He made 63 first team appearances between 1979 and 1986. He was signed by Brighton in 1986 and made 138 league appearances in four years with the club, helping the club to promotion to the Second Division in 1988. He joined Oldham Athletic in 1990, but made only two league appearances, being loaned out to Oxford United, Reading and Chester City in 1991 and 1992. He joined Colchester United in 1993, making 15 league appearances. On 16 October 1993, Colchester United became the first League club to have both keepers sent off in a game against Hereford United. John Keeley and Nathan Munson were both dismissed for professional fouls as the U's slumped to a 5–0 defeat. He subsequently joined Stockport County, making 20 league appearances. He later played for Peterborough United before retiring from the professional game.

Coaching career
After retiring from playing, Keeley joined Portsmouth as an academy coach in 2007. He worked in Portsmouth's academy for three years before becoming the goalkeeping coach for the first-team in 2010. He left his role at Portsmouth in 2013. Keeley worked as a goalkeeper coach at Blackburn Rovers, Brighton & Hove Albion and Chinese club Guangzhou R&F before returning to Portsmouth in 2016, becoming part of Paul Cook's coaching staff. After leaving Portsmouth at the end of the 2020–21 season, he was reunited with Paul Cook after joining the Ipswich Town coaching staff as goalkeeping coach. Keeley left the club in December 2021 following the sacking of Cook as manager.
Ahead of the 2024–25 campaign, Keeley joined Woking as their goalkeeping coach.

Honours
Brighton & Hove Albion

Football League Third Division runner-up: 1987–88
Stockport County

Football League Division Two playoff runner-up: 1993–94
Individual

Brighton & Hove Albion Player of the Year: 1988–89

References
External links
John Keeley at Soccerbase
Since 1888... The Searchable Premiership and Football League Player Database (subscription required)

Title: Uppland Runic Inscription 934
Runic inscription U 934 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age runestone located in Uppsala, Sweden.

Description
This runestone was excavated from the foundation of Uppsala Cathedral in 1866. Many runestones were reused in the construction of buildings, roads, and bridges before their historical importance was understood. The runic text on this stone, which is 1.58 meters in height, is written upon a serpent that is intertwined with other beasts in the center of the design. The granite stone has sustained damage to sections of its runic text and design. The runestone has been classified as being carved in runestone style Pr4, also known as the Urnes style. This runestone style is characterized by slim and stylized animals that are interwoven into tight patterns. The animal heads are typically seen in profile with slender almond-shaped eyes and upwardly curled appendages on the noses and the necks.

Inscription
A transliteration of the runic inscription is:

þoriʀ ' auk × ryþikr × auk × karl * þaiʀ + br... ...

See also
List of runestones


== References ==

Title: Mullapudi Harishchandra Prasad
Mullapudi Harischandra Prasad, (28 July 1921 – 3 September 2011) was an Indian politician and industrialist from Andhra Pradesh. He was the chairman and managing director of the Andhra Sugars Group and also the managing director of Andhra Petrochemicals and the President of the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI). He started Andhra Sugars in 1947 – one of the first industries set up in Independent India and hence called "Andhra Birla". He established the first aspirin factory in India and created a rocket fuel unit that supplied to Indian Space Research Organisation.
He was originally from the town of Tanuku in Andhra Pradesh, born to Mullapudi Thimmaraju and Venkataramanamma, from a Kamma Zamindar family.
Prasad was elected twice as a member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly representing the Indian National Congress. Later when the Telugu Desam Party was formed he is known to have played a key role in the party.
Prasad set up educational and medical trusts. He played an important role in establishing Rangaraya Medical College, Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh and SMVM Polytechnic, Tanuku, Andhra Pradesh. He also established Mullapudi Venkata Ramanamma Memorial Hospital and Research Centre in Tanuku, Andhra Pradesh.

Professional career
Chairman and managing director, Andhra Sugars Limited
Executive Director, Andhra Petrochemicals Limited, Visakhapatnam
managing director, Andhra Chemicals Corporation
Director, Elecon Engineering Co. Ltd. Vallabh Vidyanagar
Director, Andhra Foundry & Machine Tools Ltd.
Chairman, Jayalakshmi Oil and Chemical Industries Limited (Jocil Ltd.)
Chairman and managing director, Sree Satyanarayana Spinning Mills Ltd, Tanuku
Jayalakshmi Fertilizers
Chairman, Sree Akkamamba Textiles Ltd.

Political career
Secretary in the AP Congress Committee from 1946 to 1955
Member of state Legislative Council in Common Madras in 1952
Elected MLA from Tanuku twice in 1955 and 1961
First chairman of the Tanuku municipality in 1981

Awards and honours
Honorary Doctorate by Nagarjuna University
U.B. Raghavendra Rao Memorial Award
President, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI)
Lifetime Achievement Award at Z24 hours Telugu news channel's Industrial Awards
Telugu Thalli award from Government of Andhra Pradesh

References
External links
Andhra Sugars Website
Andhra Petro-Chemicals Website

Title: Martin B. Cohen
Martin B. Cohen (1923–2007) was an American film producer, best known for his work in the exploitation field.
He was manager of Bruce Dern.
He wrote and produced Humanoids of the Deep. The success of this led to him announcing he was going to embark on a $36 million production slate, which included a variety of movies including sequels to Piranha and Humanoids of the Deep as well as The House Where Evil Dwells. Only the latter film was made.

Select credits
Instant Love (1964) - producer
Blood of Dracula's Castle (1969) - producer
Nightmare in Wax (1969) - producer
The Rebel Rousers (1970) - producer, director
Emilio and His Magical Bull (1975) - producer
Humanoids from the Deep (1980) - producer, story
The House Where Evil Dwells (1982) - producer

References
External links
Martin B. Cohen at IMDb
Martin B. Cohen at AFI

Title: Bình Thành, An Giang
Bình Thành is a rural commune (xã) of Thoại Sơn District in An Giang Province, Vietnam.


== References ==

Title: Varanus (Euprepiosaurus)
Euprepiosaurus is a subgenus of monitor lizards found in the Malay Archipelago and northern Australia, which includes small to medium sized species.

Classification
In 1988, the tree monitors that now form the subgenus Hapturosaurus were instead placed within Euprepriosaurus alongside the mangrove monitors. Nevertheless, there was a distinction between mangrove and tree monitors that was clear even then, so Euprepriosaurus was commonly considered to consist of two species complexes, i.e., the V. indicus complex and the V. prasinus complex. In 2016, Yannick Bucklitsch, Wolfgang Böhme, and André Koch found the two species complexes sufficiently morphologically, ecologically, and biologically distinct, and so all species within the V. prasinus complex were moved under a newly erected subgenus, i.e., Hapturosaurus. Euprepriosaurus and Hapturosaurus diverged from each other during the late Miocene.

Species complexes
Euprepiosaurus consists of three species complexes:

V. indicus species complex (V. indicus, V. cerambonensis, V. caerulivirens, V. colei, V. obor, V. lirugensis, V. rainerguentheri, V. zugorum)
V. doreanus species complex (V. doreanus, V. finschi, V. semotus, V. yuwonoi)
V. jobiensis species complex (V. jobiensis)

Species
V. bennetti, Bennett's long-tailed monitor
V. caerulivirens, turquoise monitor
V. cerambonensis, Ceram monitor
V. colei Kei Islands monitor
V. doreanus, blue-tailed monitor
V. douarrha,  New Ireland monitor
V. finschi, Finsch's monitor
V. indicus, mangrove monitor
V. jobiensis, peach-throated monitor
V. juxtindicus, Rennell Island monitor
V. lirungensis, Talaud mangrove monitor
V. louisiadensis, Louisiade monitor
V. melinus, quince monitor
V. obor, sago monitor
V. rainerguentheri Rainer Günther's monitor
V. semotus, Mussau Island blue-tailed monitor
V. tanimbar, Tanimbar monitor
V. tsukamotoi, Mariana monitor
V. yuwonoi black-backed mangrove monitor, tricolor monitor
V. zugorum, silver monitor, Zug's monitor


== References ==

Title: Zaidi Attan
Zaidi bin Attan (born 4 October 1968) is a Malaysian politician who has served as Deputy Member of the Malacca State Executive Council (EXCO) in the Barisan Nasional (BN) state administration under Chief Minister Ab Rauf Yusoh and Member Abdul Razak Abdul Rahman since April 2023 for the second term and under former Chief Minister Idris Haron and former Members Abdul Ghafar Atan and Lim Ban Hong from May 2013 to the collapse of the BN administration in May 2018 for the first term. He also served as Member of the Malacca EXCO in the BN state administration under former Chief Minister Sulaiman Md Ali from November 2021 to March 2023. He has also served as Member of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Serkam since May 2013. He is also the Deputy Chairman of Syarikat Air Melaka Berhad (SAMB). He is a member and Vice Division Chief of Jasin of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), a component party of the BN coalition. His appointment as a Deputy EXCO Member in April 2023 is a demotion as he was previously appointed an EXCO Member in November 2021. This has rarely happened in the Malaysian politics.

Personal life and education
Zaidi had his primary education at a Chinese national type primary school (SJKC), a type of vernacular school in Malaysia. As a result, Zaidi is able to communicate in basic Chinese and sign his name in Chinese. Zaidi revealed that he was given a Chinese name '再利' (pinyin : zài lì), although the literal translation of his name to Chinese is '再迪' (pinyin : zài dí).

Election results
Honours
 Malacca :
 Recipient of the Meritorious Service Medal (PJK) (2005)
 Companion Class I of the Exalted Order of Malacca (DMSM) – Datuk (2015)


== References ==

Title: Edward Kelland-Espinosa
Edward Kelland-Espinosa (1906–1991) was the son of Edouard Espinosa, founder of the British Ballet Organization (BBO), and his wife, Eve Louise Kelland.

Personal life
Kelland-Espinosa was born in London in 1906 to parents Edouard Espinosa and Eve Louise Kelland. His sister, Yvette Espinosa, was born in 1911.

Career
Kelland-Espinosa experienced success as both a performer and a teacher before devoting his career to developing the BBO and raising the standard of teaching throughout the country and abroad.
After his father's death in 1950, Edward took over the administration of the BBO and was elected chairman. Alongside his sister, Yvette Espinosa, he ran the organization until his retirement in  January 1987.

Bibliography
Tap Dancing: Volume 6 (1963)
Tap Dancing: Analytical Description and Counting of the Entire Syllabus as Used in General Work and Also the Examinations of the Tap Branch of the British Ballet Organization (1967)
Tap Branch of the British Ballet Organization: Senior Tap Syllabus, Minor Examinations (1967)
Tap Dancing: The Lower Preliminary Syllabus for Pupils and Teachers (1967)
The Solo Irish Jig: Analytical Description and Counting of a Simple Sequence of a Traditional Irish Step Dance (1967)
Tap Branch of the British Ballet Organization: Higher Primary Syllabus, Minor Examination (1968)
Tap Dancing: The Elementary Syllabus for Pupils and Teachers (1970)
Tap Branch of the British Ballet Organization: Intermediate Syllabus, Major Examination (1972)
Tap Branch of the British Ballet Organization: Lower Preliminary Syllabus, Minor Examination (1972)
Tap Branch of the British Ballet Organization: Preparatory Advanced Syllabus, Major Examination (1973)
Tap Dancing: The Higher Preliminary Syllabus for Pupils and Teachers (1975)
Tap Dancing Pt. 1: Elementary (1979)
Tap Dancing: The Lower Preliminary Syllabus for Pupils and Teachers (1980)


== References ==

Title: Glenn Miller (rugby league)
Glenn Miller is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. He played for the Penrith Panthers from 1986 to 1987 and he was part of the inaugural Newcastle Knights squad from 1988 to 1992.

Playing career
Miller made his first grade debut for Penrith in Round 5 1986 against South Sydney.  In 1988, Miller signed with Newcastle and played in the club's first ever game which was against Parramatta and ended in a 28–4 defeat.
In 1992, Miller played in Newcastle's first ever finals campaign as the club finished 4th.  Miller played in both matches, the 21–2 victory over Western Suburbs and the 3–2 loss to St George.  The defeat by St George in turn was Miller's last game in first grade and he retired at the end of 1992.

Post playing
Miller worked as a plumber and also was a trade teacher in the plumbing Department at Maitland TAFE, Newcastle N.S.W.

References
External links
http://www.hunter.tafensw.edu.au/on-campus/Pages/Maitland_Campus_Profile.aspx Archived 20 January 2012 at the Wayback Machine

Title: Ķūļciems Parish
Ķūļciems parish (Latvian: Ķūļciema pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Talsi Municipality, Latvia.

Towns, villages and settlements of Ķūļciems parish
Ķūļciems
Dzedri
Krievragciems
Jādekšas


== References ==

Title: Kiboriloni
Kiboriloni  is an administrative ward in Moshi District of Kilimanjaro Region in Tanzania. The ward covers an area of 6 km2 (2.3 sq mi), and has an average elevation of 903 m (2,963 ft). According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 9,206. 


== References ==

Title: Frank López (footballer, born 1995)
Frank Manuel López García (born 25 February 1995) is a Cuban professional footballer who plays for Miami FC in the USL Championship.

Club career
López played with the academy side of hometown team Cienfuegos, before moving to Florida and playing with the Miami Soccer Academy of the United Premier Soccer League. He had defected to the United States in October 2015 during the 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship, alongside teammates Emmanuel Labrada, Dairon Pérez and Yendry Torres.
On 15 March 2018, López signed with United Soccer League side LA Galaxy II.
On 15 July 2019, López joined USL side San Antonio FC on loan for the remainder of the season.
Following a loan spell from OKC Energy FC, López signed a permanent contract with Rio Grande Valley FC on February 8, 2022.
López signed with Miami FC in December 2023.

References
External links
Frank Lopez at USL Championship
Frank López at Soccerway

Title: Midland Railway 1377 Class
The Midland Railway 1377 Class was a class of 185 0-6-0T tank locomotives.  They were introduced in 1878 by Samuel W. Johnson, and were almost identical to the 1102 class of 1874; the latter having fully enclosed cabs, while the 1377 class were built without a rear to the cab and only a short cab roof, hence their nickname "half-cabs". They were given the power classification 1F.

Construction history
Up to 1891, 185 were built: 165 by Derby Works and the last 20 by the Vulcan Foundry. Originally they were built with type A boilers with round-topped fireboxes, but many later received type G5 boilers with Belpaire fireboxes.

Service history
All 185 passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) at the grouping in 1923. Withdrawals started in 1927 and by 1948 when the railways were nationalised, 72 locomotives passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and they allocated numbers 40000 higher than their LMS numbers, although 14 were withdrawn before the new numbers were applied. Withdrawals continued and by 1961 only 11 remained; the last five were withdrawn in September 1965. The class had only lasted as long as it had because the Midland Railway had signed a contract in 1866 to provide shunting engines to Staveley Ironworks for 100 years; the 1Fs, as they were by then, were the only locomotives suitable to perform this duty.
Beyond their work with the Midland Railway, LMS and British Railways, six members of this class - 1666, 1708, 1751, 1788, 1839 and 1890 - were requisitioned by the War Department during World War II between 1940 and 1944, to operate the Melbourne Military Railway (MMR) in South Derbyshire. No. 1839 was replaced by No. 1773 during its time on the MMR.

Conversion
In 1931, the frames of 1831 were used for LMS diesel shunter 1831. This was an experimental diesel (one of the first diesel locomotives on the LMS' network) and was intended for shunting work within railway yards, but it wasn't successful when it was put into service in 1932. The locomotive was later put into storage in 1936 and officially withdrawn from service in September 1939. In November 1940, it was converted to a mobile power unit (an MPU3), and ultimately ended up getting scrapped in August 1951.

Preservation
One of the Staveley engines, 1418 (renumbered 1708 by the Midland Railway in 1907, and 41708 by British Railways), has survived to preservation at Barrow Hill Engine Shed. Before Barrow Hill this engine was preserved on the Midland Railway - Butterley, the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway, and the Swanage Railway respectively. Sometime during 1994 while visiting the Dean Forest Railway, No. 41708 was renumbered and ran as No. 41720. This change was rectified by 1997. The surviving engine became the inspiration of the Bachmann Branchline OO scale model of the class introduced in 2014. The model, the dispute and the class had an extensive write up in Model Rail during 2014. No. 41708 has been bought by Barrow Hill who took the first steps to return the locomotive to working order in November, 2020.

References

Baxter, Bertram (1982). Baxter, David (ed.). British Locomotive Catalogue 1825–1923. Vol. 3A: Midland Railway and its constituent companies. Ashbourne, Derbyshire: Moorland Publishing Company. ISBN 9780903485524.
Casserley, H. C. & Johnston, Stuart W. (1974) [1966]. Locomotives at the Grouping 3: London, Midland and Scottish Railway. Shepperton, Surrey: Ian Allan. ISBN 0-7110-0554-0.

Title: Beaverville, New Jersey
Beaverville is an unincorporated community located within Southampton Township in Burlington County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The area is composed of single-family homes, small businesses and warehouses, forest, and farmland. The community is located along Red Lion Road (County Route 641) two miles (3.2 km) south of Vincentown, to the west of U.S. Route 206, and southeast of the Red Lion Airport. Originally, the settlement was the site of a one-room schoolhouse.


== References ==

Title: Pythius (disambiguation)
Pythius  may refer to:

Pythius, a historical Lydian
Pythius of Priene, a Greek architect
Pythius, a synonym of Euphorbia
Pythius, an epithet of Apollo

See also
Pythias (disambiguation)
Pytheas (4th century BC), Greek explorer from modern day Marseilles
Pytheas (crater), a lunar crater

Title: Candidate Physical Ability Test
The Candidate Physical Ability Test (CPAT) is the standard assessment for measuring an individual's ability to handle the physical demands of being a firefighter. The CPAT is a timed test that measures whether candidates are physically able to do eight separate  tasks, designed to mirror essential job functions that firefighters would be expected to perform at fire scenes.

Details
During the test, candidates are required to complete eight separate tasks (referred to as "events") in a total time period of 10 minutes and 20 seconds or less. The candidate walks 85 feet between each event, which gives some time to recover. The eight events must be completed in sequential order as follows:

Stair Climb  (climbing stairs while carrying an additional 25-pounds)
Hose Drag (stretching uncharged hose lines, advancing lines)
Equipment Carry (removing and carrying equipment from fire apparatus to fire ground)
Ladder Raise and Extension (placing a ground ladder at the fire scene and extending the ladder to the roof or a window)
Forcible Entry (penetrating a locked door, breaching a wall)
Search (crawling through dark unpredictable areas to search for victims)
Rescue (removing a victim or partner from a burning building)
Ceiling Breach and Pull (locating a fire and pulling down a ceiling to check for fire extension).
During the test, candidates are required to wear long pants, a hard hat with chin strap, work gloves, and a 50-pound weighted vest. This is designed to simulate the weight of a firefighter's personal protective equipment. For the Stair Climb event, candidates are required to carry an additional 25 pounds of weight (one 12.5 pound weight on each shoulder), which simulates the carrying of a hose pack into a high-rise fire. 
Candidates are accompanied by a test proctor, who calls out directions and scores the candidate's successful completion of each event, while monitoring the time elapsed. Each event of the CPAT must be completed as directed. If a candidate fails any component of the test or does not complete the test within the 10 minute and 20 second time limit, they will fail the entire test.
The test is scored as Pass or Fail.

See also
United States Army Physical Fitness Test

References
External links
CPAT Orientation Video
CPAT Frequently Asked Questions

Title: Coudres
Coudres (French pronunciation: [kudʁ]) is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.

Population
See also
Communes of the Eure department


== References ==

Title: Portal:Current events/2024 May 2


Title: Gay Autterson
Gay Ruby Hartwig (born February 2, 1943, also professionally credited as Gay Hartwig, Gay Autterson and Gay Autterson Hartwig) is an American voice actress who has done voice-overs for animated television series by Hanna-Barbera. She is mostly known as the voice of Betty Rubble for several of The Flintstones spin-off series and specials throughout the 1970s and early 1980s such as The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show, The Flintstone Comedy Hour, The New Fred and Barney Show and The Flintstone Comedy Show.

Filmography
References
External links
Gay Hartwig (Autterson) at IMDb

Title: Bisbee Historic District
The Bisbee Historic District is a historic district located in Bisbee, Arizona, and has all the essential features of a prosperous, early twentieth century mining town. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The district has 80 contributing buildings, with various architectural styles including Colonial Revival, Mission Revival/Spanish Revival, and Italianate architecture.

History
The Historic District's history is tied with that of the Phelps Dodge Company, one of the great industrial corporations of the 20th century.  Once the company began operations in the Bisbee area, it dominated the town's economy, as well as the town's physical and social development.  The District mirrors this fact, being an example of an early twentieth-century mining company town.  Prior to the arrival of Phelps Dodge, the area was a hub for mining activity.  Rich veins of ore were discovered by the U. S. Army in the nearby Mule Mountains in 1877, with the Copper Queen Mine being founded that year.  The following year the town saw its first smelter, and financial capitalists from both the east and west coast began to invest heavily in the area.  The mining camp developed into a town by 1880, and was named Bisbee, after Judge DeWitt Bisbee, who was a heavy investor in the area.  While the town was still small, the mining activity in it and nearby Tombstone, Arizona, focused most of the territory's population into these remote areas.  The formation of Cochise County soon followed in 1881, with Tombstone as the county seat.  In 1881, James Douglas of the Phelps Dodge Company convinced his company to purchase the claims adjoining the Copper Queen Mine.  They began operations, with Douglas in charge of the site.  It was the beginning of a highly successful mining operation, which resulted in over $2 billion worth of ore being produced in the area around Bisbee, the majority of it in properties owned by Phelps Dodge.
One of the largest issues with the location was transportation.  Supplies had to be brought in by wagon, and ore and to be sent the same way to the nearest railhead in Benson.  Production increased, and in 1886, new, larger smelters were built, and eventually rose to over 100 tons of freight per day.  The Southern Pacific railway refused to build a line from Bisbee to Benson, so in 1894 Phelps Dodge built its own rail line to Benson.  By 1900 the new smelters could no longer keep up with production, but lack of water prevented larger ones from being built in Bisbee, so a new smelter town sprang up near the Mexico-United States Border, Douglas, named so after James Douglas.
As the copper industry went, so went Bisbee.  In 1881, the town had a population of 300, most of whom lived in tents.  By 1884 the population had risen to 500, and the first wood and adobe structures began to be constructed, replacing the tents.  In the next six years the town began to expand rapidly, and had a population of 1500 in 1890.  Brick buildings began to appear on Main Street.  Frame cottages began to be constructed on the hillsides around the city.  More affluent areas developed around Quality Hill and Higgins Hill.  Brewery Gulch became congested as the center of activity for the miners.  The street had businesses packed side by side along the street, including saloons, shops, and lodging houses.  Further along Brewery Gulch was the red light district.  1902 saw the incorporation of the town, and the three main streets Main, Howell, and Brewery, were paved with bricks. The population had exploded to 10,000 by 1904, and electric lights and gas were added to the town the same year.  Streetcars came to the town in 1908, and ran until 1929, when they were replaced by buses.  As the town prospered, it gained in prominence, and in 1929 the Cochise County seat was moved from Tombstone to Bisbee.  The courthouse, of art deco design, was completed in 1931.[1]

The town's geography and location caused the town to be prone to fires and floods.  The Historic District experienced severe flooding in 1886, 1890, and 1908.  The 1890 flood saw a 20-foot wall of water sweep through the town one night.  The 1908 flood deposited several feet of mud and debris in the post office, and that same year a fire devastated the commercial area of Main Street, causing $500,000 worth of damage.  Following these disasters, the town paid for flood abatement systems to be put in place, as well as a public water system to provide for fire-fighting.
The mining industry supported the town for approximately the first 75 years of the twentieth century, although large scale development of the town ended by the end of World War I, with lower mining production.  The industry was suppressed by large wartime stockpiles, without the military market of a wartime economy.  That was exacerbated by large copper deposits being discovered in South America.  The 1920s saw the town gradually reviving, until the Great Depression set in.  As the grade of ore decreased, new methods were employed.  The Sacramento Hill was an open pit mine from 1917 through 1929, and the Lavender Pit, one of the largest open-pit copper mines in the world, was in operation from 1951 to 1974.  In 1975 the Copper Queen Mine ceased operations, and by this time the mining around Bisbee had become a small part of the operations of Phelps Dodge.  The mine closures were severe blows to the town's economy.

Description
The area is a dense combination of commercial buildings, residential houses, and institutional structures sitting side by side along several narrow streets, the two main ones being Main Street and Brewery Gulch.  These include lodging houses, governmental, educational and religious buildings.  Most of the structures were built being 1890 and 1915.  The district is an irregular wedge-shaped area, with its apex at the intersection of Main Street and Clawson Avenue.  This portion of the district contains the County Courthouse, St. Patrick's Church, and the Loretto Academy.  At the other end of the wedge, formed by O.K. Street and Brewery Gulch, sits an historic City Park and the Phelps Dodge General Office Building.  In between these perimeter streets are several major and minor streets. There is a plaza, which fronts another Phelps Dodge building, the Mercantile.  To the west of the Plaza are the entrances to Subway Alley and Main Street.  Subway Alley is home to the Copper Queen Hospital, the Fair Building and its annex.

Main street includes the Bank of Bisbee, the Copper Queen Library, the Post Office, the Anguis Building, the First Baptist Church, and the Castle Rock Hotel.  After the hotel, Main Street turns into a more residential street, with one- and two-story houses.  At its other end is the courthouse.  Clawson also has numerous residential buildings, but also includes the Bisbee High School.  Howell Avenue, running between Clawson and Brewery Gulch, contains St. John's Episcopal Church, the YWCA Building, and the Copper Queen Hotel.  Mansfield is a short street, connecting with Clawson.  Opera Drive winds around the district, and contains the YMCA, the Central School, and passes to the east of the City Park.  On the western side of the Park, Brewery Gulch and O.K. Street run downhill toward Queen Avenue and Naco Road, and has a dense concentration of buildings.  One of the highlights of this section is the Pythian Castle with its clock tower.  Near the Castle are several of the lodging houses, which were built for the miners who worked in the nearby mines.
The district contains buildings over a wide swath of uses: hotels, lodging houses, social lodges, churches, schools, residences, and government buildings.  They are normally of frame, adobe, or block construction.  The larger buildings are usually constructed with brick, steel, or concrete.  Some of the architectural styles in the district include Victorian Italianate, Second Renaissance Revival, Sullivanesque, Art Deco, Streamline Modern, Neo-Classical Revival, Gothic Revival, Mission Revival, and Colonial Revival.

Architecture
The architecture of the Historic District runs parallel to the Bisbee's economic history. There is a scarcity of buildings built post-World War I, which reflects the town's lack of growth subsequent to 1920.  Most of the buildings date from 1895 to 1915, the heyday of the mining industry in Bisbee.  In other towns which continued to grow, many of these buildings would have been razed and replaced with newer, larger buildings.
Remaining historic buildings can be broken into five main categories: public and semi-public facilities; commercial structures; religious, social and education facilities; lodging houses; and residential homes.  The public/semi-public buildings were erected with full or partial support of the Phelps Dodge company and include, the Copper Queen Hospital, Copper Queen Hotel, YMCA, and the Copper Queen Library and Post Office.  Commercial structures include the Citizens Bank and Trust, the Letson Block, the Medigovich Building II, the Muheim Block, and the Johnson Building. The religious/social/education structures include the Covenant Presbyterian Church, BPOE Building, and the Central School. Many of the buildings in these first three categories were designed by architects, the two most prominent being Henry Trost and Frederick C. Hurst. Lodging houses and residential properties include the Castle Rock Hotel, the Billy Brophy House, and the Spencer Clawson Residence.

Contributing structures
Below is a table of the structures which contribute to the significance of the district.  They are rated either: C (contributing); S (significant); NR (has a separate individual listing on the NRHP).

See also
Bisbee Residential Historic District

References
External links
Newspaper article about the district

Title: Nikolay Zhirov
Nikolay Zhirov (sometimes shown as Nikolai Schirov) is a Soviet bobsledder who competed in the mid-1980s. He won a bronze medal in the two-man event at the 1985 FIBT World Championships in Cervinia, Italy.

References

Bobsleigh two-man world championship medalists since 1931

Title: Mongolian Khan
Mongolian Khan (foaled 19 October 2011) is a retired Australian-bred New Zealand-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In 2015 he won the 140th running of the New Zealand Derby before going on to win the Australian Derby becoming the first horse to complete the double in 29 years. As a four-year-old he won the Caulfield Cup.

Background
Mongolian Khan was foaled at Graeme McCulloch's Grenville stud at Whitemore in Northern Tasmania, Australia, in October 2011. He is a half-brother to Wellington Cup winner Young Centaur, which is why McCulloch decided to sell him in New Zealand in partnership with Ainsley Downs Stud. He was brought to New Zealand by Courtney Howells of Ainsley Downs Stud (Waikato, New Zealand) as a weanling and prepared for the Karaka yearling sales, where he was on sold for $140 000.

Racing career
2014/15: three-year-old season
Mongolian Khan won on debut at Te Rapa at odds greater than 40 to one, but failed in the Group Two Hawke's Bay Guineas in his second career start. Once he stepped up over a mile and beyond he proved a revelation, winning five in a row including the 3yo Salver, Waikato Guineas, Avondale Guineas and New Zealand Derby.
The New Zealand Derby was billed as a match race with Volkstok'n'barrell, who had created a big impression of his own in winning five races in a row including the Bonecrusher Stakes, Great Northern Guineas and Karaka Mile. The eagerly anticipated clash lived up to expectations as the two exciting three-year-olds drew well clear of their rivals and fought a memorable struggle down the home straight. Having been clearly headed by Volkstok'n'barrell, Mongolian Khan fought back and proved too strong in the concluding stages, edging away to win by one length. There was a margin of more than five lengths back to the remainder of the field.
Mongolian Khan then travelled to Australia, where he finished a disappointing fifth in the Rosehill Guineas. He bounced back impressively from that, however, winning the Australian Derby strongly from Hauraki and his arch-rival Volkstok'n'barrell. In doing so he became the first horse to win the New Zealand Derby-Australian Derby double since Bonecrusher in 1986.

2015/16: four-year-old season
Mongolian Khan began his four-year-old season by finishing seventh to Fawkner in the Makybe Diva Stakes at Flemington Racecourse on 12 September and then ran fourth to Mourinho in the Underwood Stakes at Caulfield two weeks later. At the same track on 10 October the colt finished third in the Caulfield Stakes behind Criterion and Happy Trails. On 17 October, Mongolian Khan started the 4/1 favourite in an eighteen-runner field for the Caulfield Cup. He took the lead 400 metres from the finish and won by half a length from the British challenger Trip To Paris.

Pedigree
See also
2015 New Zealand Derby
Thoroughbred racing in New Zealand


== References ==

Title: Lipnitsa, Platavsky selsovet, Konyshyovsky District, Kursk Oblast
Lipnitsa (Russian: Липница) is a rural locality (a khutor) in Platavsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Konyshyovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:  3 (2010 Census); 7 (2002 Census);

Geography
The khutor is located on the Platavka River (a left tributary of the Svapa River), 38.5 km from the Russia–Ukraine border, 82 km west of Kursk, 21 km south-west of the district center – the urban-type settlement Konyshyovka, 9 km from the selsoviet center – Kashara.

Climate
Lipnitsa has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).

Transport
Lipnitsa is located 38.5 km from the federal route M-3 Ukraine Highway, 66 km from the route M-2 Crimea Highway, 33.5 km from the route A-142 (Trosna – M3 highway), 33 km from the road of regional importance 38K-038 (Fatezh – Dmitriyev), 21 km from the road 38K-005 (Konyshyovka – Zhigayevo – 38K-038), 18 km from the road 38K-017 (Kursk – Lgov – Rylsk – border with Ukraine), 16 km from the road 38K-023 (Lgov – Konyshyovka), 3.5 km from the road of intermunicipal significance 38H-162 (Korobkino – summer camp), 18 km from the nearest railway halt Maritsa (railway line Navlya – Lgov-Kiyevsky).
The rural locality is situated 89 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 167 km from Belgorod International Airport and 292 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.

References
Notes
Sources
Губернатор Курской области. Постановление No489 от 6 ноября 2008 г. «Об утверждении реестра административно-территориальных единиц населённых пунктов Курской области», в ред. Постановления No26-пг от 29 января 2013 г. «О внесении изменений и дополнений в Постановление Губернатора Курской области от 06.11.2008 No489 "Об утверждении реестра административно-территориальных единиц населённых пунктов Курской области"». Вступил в силу 6 ноября 2008 г. (Governor of Kursk Oblast. Resolution #489 of November 6, 2008 On the Adoption of the Registry of the Administrative-Territorial Units and Inhabited Localities of Kursk Oblast, as amended by the Resolution #26-pg of January 29, 2013 On Amending and Supplementing Resolution #489 of the Governor of Kursk Oblast of November 6, 2008 "On the Adoption of the Registry of the Administrative-Territorial Units and Inhabited Localities of Kursk Oblast". Effective as of November 6, 2008.).
Курская областная Дума. Закон No48-ЗКО от 21 октября 2004 г. «О муниципальных образованиях Курской области», в ред. Закона No65-ЗКО от 23 августа 2011 г. «О внесении изменений и дополнений в Закон Курской области "О границах муниципальных образований Курской области", Закон Курской области "О муниципальных образованиях Курской области"». Вступил в силу со дня официального опубликования. Опубликован: "Курская правда", No214, 30 октября 2004 г. (Kursk Oblast Duma. Law #48-ZKO of October 21, 2004 On the Municipal Formations of Kursk Oblast, as amended by the Law #65-ZKO of August 23, 2011 On Amending and Supplementing the Law of Kursk Oblast "On the Borders of the Municipal Formations of Kursk Oblast", Law of Kursk Oblast "On the Municipal Formations of Kursk Oblast". Effective as of the day of the official publication.).

Title: Bill Adams (ice hockey)
William Vernon Adams (March 29, 1897 – February 4, 1978) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Regina Capitals of the Western Canada Hockey League, and with the Vancouver Millionaires of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association. He was a younger brother of Hockey Hall of Fame member Jack Adams. William V. Adams died on February 4, 1978, at Florida, United States.

References
External links
Biographical information and career statistics from The Internet Hockey Database

Title: Danny Barbir
Daniel Jacob Barbir (born January 31, 1998) is an American professional soccer  player who plays as a defender for Lexington SC in the USL Championship.

Early life
Barbir was born in Atlanta, Georgia, to a Cuban mother and Romanian father. He grew up in Macungie, Pennsylvania, and visited his relatives in Romania on several occasions.

Club career
Early years
Barbir signed his first professional contract with English club West Bromwich Albion in 2015, aged 17.
In early 2017, he joined Stoke City on trial, playing three matches and scoring one goal for their under-23 team.
Barbir joined United Soccer League side Whitecaps FC 2 on September 14, 2017. He only made three appearances, as WFC2 were dissolved two months later.

Astra Giurgiu
On February 19, 2018, Barbir agreed to a three-and-a-half-year deal with Astra Giurgiu in Romania.

Sporting Kansas City II
Barbir signed with USL Championship side Sporting Kansas City II on January 27, 2020. Barbir scored his first professional goal in his fourth appearance for the club on August 1, 2020, which ended up being the matchwinner in the 70th minute as Sporting Kansas City II defeated the Indy Eleven 1–0 at Lucas Oil Stadium. Following the 2021 season, Kansas City opted to declined their contract option on Barbir.

Oakland Roots
On January 18, 2022, Barbir signed with USL Championship club Oakland Roots.

Indy Eleven
On November 20, 2023, it was announced Barbir would join USL Championship club Indy Eleven ahead of their 2024 season. Barbir made his debut for the Indianapolis-based club in a 2–1 victory over Memphis 901 FC on March 16, 2024.

Miami FC
On April 11, 2024, Barbir was transferred to USL Championship club Miami FC in a swap deal.

Lexington SC
Barbir joined USL Championship expansion side Lexington SC on December 26, 2024, ahead of the 2025 season. He made his debut for the team on March 8, 2025, in a 2–0 league home victory over Hartford Athletic.

International career
Barbir represented the United States at under-17 and under-19 level, and played with the former side at the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Chile where he was teammates with Christian Pulisic. As a junior, he had also been approached by Romania.

Career statistics
Club
As of February 19, 2018.

Honors
United States U17 

CONCACAF Under-17 Championship third place: 2015

References
External links
Daniel Barbir at U.S. Soccer (archived)
Danny Barbir at USL Championship
Daniel Jacob Barbir – FIFA competition record (archived)

Title: Athletics at the 1991 Summer Universiade – Men's 400 metres
The men's 400 metres event at the 1991 Summer Universiade was held at the Don Valley Stadium in Sheffield on 20, 21 and 22 July 1991.

Medalists
Results
Heats
Held on 20 July

Quarterfinals
Held on 20 July

Semifinals
Held on 21 July

Final
Held on 22 July


== References ==

Title: BOL4
BOL4 (Korean: 볼빨간 사춘기; RR: Bolppalgan Sachungi), also known as Bolbbalgan4 or Blushing Youth (赤頬思春期, Akahō Shishunki), is a South Korean musical act formed by Shofar Music in 2016. They appeared on Superstar K6 in 2014 before signing a contract with their current agency. BOL4 was originally a duo consisting of Ahn Ji-young and Woo Ji-yoon. They debuted with the single "Fight Day" from the mini-album Red Ickle on April 22, 2016. The group's name in English comes from the first syllable of the Korean word sachungi ("puberty"), which is pronounced the same as the Sino-Korean numeral four (sa).
The duo went on a temporary hiatus due to Ahn's music classes requirements in the first half of 2018. BOL4 signed with King Records and debuted in Japan on June 5, 2019, with the mini-album Red Planet (Japan Edition).
On April 2, 2020, Shofar Music announced that Woo Ji-yoon had left the duo, and Ahn Ji-young will continue to promote as BOL4 as a solo act.

Formation
Jiyoung and Jiyoon were both raised in Yeongju, North Gyeongsang Province, and were classmates. They had previously competed Superstar K 6 in 2014. Since they were young they had dreamed of becoming singers. The name of their duo was built on the grounds that they wanted to make the kind of pure, honest music that can only be found in adolescence. Jiyoon portrays the "blushing" part of the name because she is often shy, while Jiyoung portrays "youth" because she acts like an adolescent girl.

Members
Current
Ahn Ji-young (안지영) – main vocals

Former
Woo Ji-yoon (우지윤) – guitar, rapping, backing vocals

Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
Collaborations
As featured artist
Soundtrack appearances
Other charted songs
Concert and tours
Headlining concerts and tours
BOL4 1st Solo Concert "Red Planet" (2016)
BOL4 1st Concert in Taipei (2017)
BOL4 2nd Solo Concert "Imagine" (2017-2018)
BOL4 3rd Solo Concert "Travel" (2018)
2019 BOL4 Spring Solo Concert "Flower Energy" (2019)
2019 BOL4 Asia Tour "Blossom" (2019)
2019 BOL4 Tour Concert "Two Five" (2019)
BOL4 (赤頬思春期) Japan Live Tour 2020 "Love" (2020)
BOL4 Concert "Seoul" (2022)
2023 BOL4 Concert in Taipei (2023)
BOL4 Concert "Love.zip" (2023)
2023 BOL4 Asia Tour "Love.zip" (2023)
2024 BOL4 Concert "Bloom" (2024)
2025 BOL4 Asia Tour "Bloom" (2025)

BOL4 1st Solo Concert "Red Planet" (2016)
BOL4 1st Concert in Taipei (2017)
BOL4 2nd Solo Concert "Imagine" (2017-2018)
BOL4 3rd Solo Concert "Travel" (2018)
2019 BOL4 Asia Tour "Blossom"
2019 BOL4 Tour Concert "Two Five"
BOL4 (赤頬思春期) Live Tour 2020 "Love"
BOL4 Concert "Seoul" (2022)
2023 BOL4 Asia Tour "Love.zip"
Showcase
BOL4 (赤頬思春期) 1st Live Showcase 宇宙をあげる~ (2018)

Videography
Music videos
Filmography
Television shows
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Official website

Title: Josephine Stewart
Josephine "Phiny" Katherine Stewart (8 August 1870 – 26 May 1934) was a British schoolmistress, tennis and hockey player, golfer and President of the Scottish Women's Lacrosse Association. She was devoted to sport and St Leonards School in St Andrews in Scotland.

Life
Stewart was born in 1870 in Edinburgh. Her parents were Anna Dowson Earle and Daniel Shaw Stewart who was a Captain in the 11th Hussars cavalry. When she was seven, St Andrews School for Girls was started in Fife by the women's rights campaigner Madeline Daniell and Stewart was one of her first pupils. That school was later renamed as the St Leonards School. The year before she left in 1888 she was the day girls games captain.
Stewart started five years away from the school where she passed exams organised by the Royal Academy of Music in singing in 1891. She won prizes at golf and tennis and she returned to St Leonards School in 1893 when the job of 'playground mistress' was created for her. The students at the school now had a member of staff to improve their exercise and their skills. She would practice girls at the nets and teach them how to fence. Fencing had been one of her favourite sports. She was known to have been a successful athlete and this meant that her guidance was valued.
This was three years after the game of Lacrosse had been launched for women at the school by Louisa Lumsden and Stewart coached some of the early players at the school. In 1895 she was elected vice-President of the Scottish Women's Hockey Association and the following year she won the St Andrews ladies' golf club's spring medal.
Stewart was a member when the first Ladies Lacrosse Council was formed in 1912 and in 1920 Stewart's role in the early history of the game of Lacrosse was acknowledged when she became the President of the Scottish Women's Lacrosse Association. A role she held until she died in St Andrews in 1934. She died a few weeks before she was, fearfully, going to retire. Her gravestone ignores the five years she was not actually at the school and says "at St Leonards School 1877–1934".


== References ==

Title: Aleksandr Gridnev
Aleksandr Vasilevich Gridnev (Russian: Александр Васильевич Гриднев; 4 April 1909 – 1995) was a Soviet military officer and flying ace who commanded the Women's 586th Fighter Aviation Regiment after the departure of its previous commander, Tamara Kazarinova.

Early life
Gridnev was born on 4 April 1909 to a Russian family in the village of Makimovka, located in what is now the Bogatovsky District. Orphaned at the age of twelve, he was sent to work at the Issyk-Kul mill in 1923. From 1926 until he entered the Red Army in 1928 he worked for the Komsomol. After briefly serving in the Special Far Eastern Army he entered the Moscow Industrial Pedagogical Institute in 1929, but soon returned to the military in 1931 and attended the Stalingrad Military Aviation School of Pilots, where he went on to serve as a flight instructor after graduation. Starting in 1939 he was posted as a deputy squadron commander in fighter aviation unit.

World War II
Appointed as commander of the 82nd Air Defense Fighter Aviation Regiment in January 1942, he entered active hostilities on the warfront in May later that year, equipped with the British Hawker Hurricane fighter. However, he did not hold the post for very long, since he was arrested by the NKVD for allegedly endangering the life of Lavrenty Beria; on 13 August 1942, Gridnev and his crew were assigned to flying an escort flight for Beria's Li-2 transport plane, but by the time they were scheduled to take off from Krasnovodsk, a severe dust storm ensued, clouding visibility conditions. Gridnev and his supporters insisted that going through with the escort flight as planned would have been suicidal for both parties due to the high risk of mid-air collision, and doing so was in direct violation of Stalin's order prohibiting flights  in such conditions in the area after numerous previous accidents. Nevertheless, he was arrested by the NKVD, which claimed that he attempted to take off alone in the low visibility conditions to shoot down the Li-2 without witnesses to get revenge for Tukhachevsky. Eventually, after prolonged violent interrogations and the support of other aviators who defended the decision to not take off in the dust storm in accordance with Stalin's orders, he was released in October, although few generals were willing to appoint him to a command role. However, he was able to become a regimental commander again, since the women's 586th Fighter Aviation Regiment was in need of a commander upon the departure of Tamara Kazarinova and he was posted to command of it on 27 October 1942. During the war he flew with the unit on missions, tallying five solo and four shared shootdowns in the course of 134 sorties, but it was not until April 1943 that he gained his first shootdown (a Ju 88). He went on to gain several more aerial victories on the Yak-1 switching to the Yak-9.

Postwar
Shortly after the end of the war he transferred to the 39th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment in November, but was forced to retire from the military in August 1946 for health reasons. From 1950 to 1952 he served on the Budennovsk city council, and in 1956 he graduated from the Stalingrad Agricultural Institute, where he went on to work as a teacher. After founding the Volgograd School of Young Cosmonauts in 1965 he headed the institution for over 20 years, supervising the graduation of over 1500 students, many of whom went on to hold careers in the military and aviation. As a hobby Gridnev did photography and filmmaking, producing several amateur films that won awards. He died in Volgograd in 1995.

Awards
Two Order of the Red Banner
Order of the Patriotic War 1st class
Order of the Red Star
campaign and jubilee medals


== References ==

Title: Cyana ueleana
Cyana ueleana is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Timm Karisch in 2003. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.


== References ==

Title: Mainprise
Mainprise is a concept in English law regarding releasing a prisoner from custody upon sureties pending trial.  It is nearly identical to the idea of bail and has been absorbed into the laws regulating bail in many jurisdictions.  When they were distinguished, bail was not restricted in the type of surety upon which a prisoner could be released, while mainprise always involved a specified sum of money.  A prisoner released on bail was still technically in custody and could be re-seized, while one delivered on mainprise was no longer in custody and could not have suits brought against him as though he were.


== References ==

Title: Khanewal Tehsil
Khanewal (Urdu: تحصِيل خانيوال), is a subdivision (tehsil) of Khanewal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 25 Union Councils, six of which form the tehsil capital Khanewal.

Administration
The tehsil of Khanewal  is administratively subdivided into 25  Union Councils, these are:

Pirrowal
chak no 14 Batian Wala
Chak No. 12/AH
Chak No. 171/10-R
chak no 67.10R Batian Wala
chak no 18.AH
Chak No. 4/AH
Chak No. 30/10.R
Chak No. 36/10.R
Chak No. 43/10-R
Chak No. 58/10-R( Chak Shahana )
Chak No. 70/10-R
Chak No. 76/10-R
Chak No. 80/10-R
Chak No. 81-82/10-R
Chak No. 88/10-R
Chak No. 92/10-R
Khanewal Kohna
Khanewal-I
Khanewal-II
Khanewal-III
Khanewal-IV
Khanewal-V
Khanewal-VI
Chak no. 34/10-R
Chak No 7/v ( Basti Sukhera)

Language
Saraiki is the predominant language. Haryanvi, Punjabi and Urdu are also widely spoken in the tehsil.


== References ==

Title: Poecilaemula signata
Poecilaemula signata is a species of harvestman in the family Cosmetidae found in Central America. It was first described by Nathan Banks in 1909.
It was transferred to the current name combination of Poecilaemula signata (Banks, 1909) by Roewer (1912) [see Etymology below].

Distribution
It is only known from the vicinity of Limón, Costa Rica.

Etymology
In Roewer (1912) the name was written as Poecilaemula signatum. Later the species name suffix was subsequently altered (inflected to the feminine for gender agreement with the genus) in Roewer 1923, but using a variant (mis)spelling of the genus as Paecilaemula signata, which was repeated by several authors. The current formation as Poecilaemula signata was given in the extensive catalog of Laniatores by Kury 2003.

References
Further reading
External links
 Data related to Poecilaemula signata at Wikispecies

Title: Battle of Huta Krzeszowska
The Battle of Huta Krzeszowska was one of many clashes of the January Uprising. It took place on 11 May 1863 near the village of Huta Krzeszowska, which at that time belonged to Russian Empire’s Congress Poland. Insurgent forces commanded by Antoni Jezioranski and Jozef Smiechowski clashed with a detachment of the Imperial Russian Army. The battle ended with Russian victory, after which Poles had to retreat to the nearby Austrian Galicia.

Sources
Stefan Kieniewicz: Powstanie styczniowe. Warszawa: Państwowe Wydawnictwo Naukowe, 1983. ISBN 83-01-03652-4.

Title: Blackfield, Hampshire
Blackfield is a village in Hampshire, England. It is within the parish of Fawley, which is part of the ward of Fawley, Blackfield and Langley.

Schools
The local school is Blackfield Primary (previously divided into Blackfield Infants, and Blackfield Junior Schools). The catchment secondary school for Blackfield is New Forest Academy.

History
The name "Blackfields" was originally applied to an area of countryside near the village of Fawley, and there is still a Blackwell Common next to Blackfield. The name presumably derives from the soil colour, some of which is marshy and black. The settlement of Blackfield began in the late 19th century when, at first mud cottages, and then later, small red-brick houses were built in the area of moorland once known as Hugh's Common. It was close to the small village of Langley.

Sport and leisure
Blackfield has a Non-League football club Blackfield & Langley F.C., which plays at The Gang Warily Community & Recreation Centre.
In 2020, Hampshire County Council announced plans to close the village library.

Demographics
As of the 2021 United Kingdom census, Blackfield had a population of 5,848. The town is primarily Christians, with 2,748 people declaring their religion as Christianity.

Notes
External links
 Media related to Blackfield, Hampshire at Wikimedia Commons

Blackfield Primary School website
Hardley School website

Title: Ben Hardwick
Benjamyn Paul Hardwick (6 December 1981 – 23 March 1985) was Britain's youngest liver transplant patient. He became a celebrity through appearing on the BBC television programme That's Life! after his parents appealed for more awareness of organ donation when their son, who suffered from biliary atresia, urgently needed a transplant. While he also became the first child in the country to receive a liver transplant, the initial transplant failed. After a second transplant the following year, he died of complications at the age of 3. Following this event, at least £10,000 was raised in Hardwick's name to support other seriously ill children.
In his memory, his family set up the Ben Hardwick Memorial Fund, which aimed to offer financial support to the families of children who suffer from primary liver disease. British celebrity Esther Rantzen, who hosted That's Life! and co-wrote a book based on Ben's story, was a trustee on the fund's board. The Ben Hardwick Fund took over the work of the Ben Hardwick Memorial Fund in 1997.  Esther Rantzen is patron of the present fund which helps children suffering from primary liver disease with costs associated with their illness.
In 1985, Marti Webb released as a tribute a cover version of the Michael Jackson song "Ben" which reached number 5 in the UK charts with all royalties being donated to the Memorial Fund.

Footnotes
External links
Ben Hardwick Fund information site

Title: Trinity Springs, Indiana
Trinity Springs is an unincorporated community in Mitcheltree Township, Martin County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.

History
Trinity Springs was originally known as Harrisonville, and under the latter name was platted in 1837. It is the site of three natural springs and was a popular tourist destination in the early 1900s; at one point, seven different hotels operated in the community. The town was briefly the county seat in the 1800s.
A post office was established at Trinity Springs in 1848, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1943.
A rock outcrop covered in historic graffiti and the remains of a historic swimming pool situated next to a natural sulfur spring are most of what is left of the resort, commemorated by a historic sign at Mustering Elm Park along State Road 450.

Geography
Trinity Springs is 8 miles (13 km) north of Shoals.


== References ==

Title: Charles Masterman
Charles Frederick Gurney Masterman PC  MP (24 October 1873 – 17 November 1927) was a British radical Liberal Party politician, intellectual and man of letters. He worked closely with such Liberal leaders as David Lloyd George and Winston Churchill in designing social welfare projects, including the National Insurance Act 1911. During the First World War, he played a central role in the main government propaganda agency.

Early life
Masterman was the third son of Thomas William Masterman of Rotherfield Hall in Sussex. His older brothers were the future natural historian Arthur Masterman and the future bishop Howard Masterman.
On his mother’s side, Masterman was a grandson of William Brodie Gurney and a distant relative of Elizabeth Fry.
He was educated at Weymouth College and Christ's College, Cambridge, where he was President of the Union, and joint Secretary of the Cambridge University Liberal Club from 1895 to 1896. At the university, he had two primary interests: social reform (influenced by Christian Socialism) and literature. His first published work was From the Abyss, a collection of articles he had written anonymously while living in the slums of south east London. These were highly impressionistic pieces and reflected his literary leanings. Following this, Masterman became a journalist and co-edited the English Review with Ford Madox Ford. In February 1900 he was elected a junior Fellow of Christ's College. In 1901, he edited a collection of essays by eminent people of the day, entitled The Heart of the Empire: a discussion of Problems of Modern City Life in England. In 1905 he published In Peril of Change, a collection of his own essays. He also wrote a biography of the Reverend F. D. Maurice (Frederick Denison Maurice), published in 1907. In the years up to 1906, he established many of the literary friendships that would be important in his later role as head of British propaganda in the First World War.

Political career
Masterman was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1903 Dulwich by-election, but in the Liberal Party landslide victory at the general election of 1906, he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for West Ham North. 

In 1909, he published his best known book, The Condition of England, a survey of contemporary society with particular focus on the state of the working class.

Masterman worked closely with Liberal leaders Winston Churchill and David Lloyd George on the People's Budget of 1909. By 1911, he was playing a major role in writing parts of the Finance Bill, the Development Bill, the Shop Hours Bill, and the Coal Mines Bill, and he was responsible for the passage through parliament of the National Insurance Act 1911.
He had a mediocre record as a candidate by losing more often than winning. He was re-elected in West Ham North in January 1910 and in December 1910. However, after the second election a petition was filed to unseat him on the grounds of an unlawful return of election expenses, and this proved successful.
In July 1911, Masterman was returned to Parliament at a by-election in the Bethnal Green South West constituency. He joined the Privy Council in 1912, and in 1914 obtained his most important position, an appointment to the Cabinet as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. However, the law at that time required him to recontest his seat in a by-election on joining the Cabinet. Masterman lost his own seat in February and then in May stood in a by-election at Ipswich, losing yet again. He resigned from the government as a result.

Wartime propagandist
In the summer of 1914, Masterman strongly supported British entry into the First World War and was soon appointed as head of the War Propaganda Bureau (WPB), known as "Wellington House." His Bureau enlisted the eminent writers John Buchan, H. G. Wells, and Arthur Conan Doyle, as well as the painters Francis Dodd and Paul Nash. Before its abolition in 1917, the Bureau published some 300 books and pamphlets in 21 languages, distributed over 4,000 propaganda photographs every week, and circulated maps, cartoons and lantern slides to the media.
Masterman also commissioned films about the war such as The Battle of the Somme, which appeared in August 1916, while the battle was still in progress, as a morale-booster. It received a generally favourable reception. The Times reported on 22 August 1916, "Crowded audiences ... were interested and thrilled to have the realities of war brought so vividly before them, and if women had sometimes to shut their eyes to escape for a moment from the tragedy of the toll of battle which the film presents, opinion seems to be general that it was wise that the people at home should have this glimpse of what our soldiers are doing and daring and suffering in Picardy."
A major objective of his department was to encourage the United States to enter the war on the British and French side. Lecture tours and exhibitions of paintings were organised in the US, drawing on an extensive network of the most important and influential figures in the London arts scene, Masterman devising the most comprehensive arts patronage schemes ever to be supported in the country. It was subsumed into Buchan's Department of Information. It became a template for the war art scheme in the Second World War, headed by Sir Kenneth Clark.  Lloyd George demoted Masterman in February 1917; he now reported to Buchan. The agency was peremptorily closed as soon as the war ended, and neither Masterman nor Buchan received the usual public honours. However, Masterman followed Lloyd George in his Liberal party maneuvers after 1918.
Masterman played a crucial role in publicising reports of the Armenian genocide, in part to strengthen the moral case against the Ottoman Empire. For his role, Masterman has been the target of repeated Turkish allegations that he fabricated, or at least embellished, the events for propaganda purposes.

Career after the war
For the 1918 general election, Masterman returned to West Ham where he had sat for five years before the war. He contested the new seat of 
Stratford West Ham. However, his old boss, Lloyd George, chose to endorse his Unionist opponent, and he was badly beaten.

Back in private life, Masterman continued his high output of books and essays. In 1922, he published How England is Governed. In 1921, he supported the Manchester Liberals radical programme, adopted by the National Liberal Federation, which called for the establishment of a National Industrial Council, state supervision of trusts and combines, nationalisation of some monopolies as well as profit limitations.
For the 1922 general Election, Masterman decided to contest Clay Cross in Derbyshire. At the previous election in 1918, the Liberal candidate had been endorsed by the Coalition Government and won. He subsequently took the Coalition Liberal whip and was defending his seat as a National Liberal, with the support of Lloyd George. The local Liberal association wanted an opponent of the coalition to run as their candidate and managed to attract Masterman. He outpolled the sitting member by nearly two to one, but the seat was won by the Labour candidate.
After the election, there was discussion in Liberal circles, of Lloyd George and his National Liberals returning to the party. Masterman was concerned about such a move and talked about defecting to the Labour Party if that happened. Masterman's good political relationship with the Manchester Liberals resulted in their inviting him to contest one of their constituencies, which he accepted. The Manchester Liberals won five seats at the 1923 general election, including Rusholme, where Masterman stood.
Following his election victory in 1923, Masterman revealed to his wife Lucy that he "thought we were never going to (win) again". In August 1924, he led the opposition to a treaty, negotiated by the Labour government, which guaranteed a loan to the Soviet government. During the 1924 election campaign, Masterman publicly blamed Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald for the collapse of Liberal-Labour co-operation.
At the General election of 1924, Masterman was heavily defeated in Manchester Rusholme by the Unionist candidate Frank Boyd Merriman. The same fate befell almost all the Liberal members of parliament in England.
In 1925, he became the Parliamentary Correspondent for The Nation. Having initially expressed concerns about Lloyd George's return to the Liberal Party, he acknowledged that it was again easier to get the party to adopt measures of social reform: "When Lloyd George came back to the party, ideas came back to the party".
Lloyd George sponsored a number of reviews into areas of Liberal Party policy, and Masterman participated in those reviews, notably as part of the body that produced the policy document Coal and Power. He was also on the committee that ultimately produced Britain's Industrial Future, known as The Yellow Book.

Masterman‘s health declined rapidly, hastened by drug and alcohol abuse. He died in November 1927 at Bowden House, Harrow, leaving an estate valued at only £452. His address at death was stated as 46, Gillingham Street, Eccleston Square, Westminster.
He was buried in St Giles' Church, Camberwell, where a memorial tablet in the church commemorates him, stating that he had lived there for ten years. There is another for his wife.

Assessments
Religion was central to Masterman’s career, and he worked to revive the Gladstonian alliance between Liberalism and Nonconformity. He frequently used the language of prophecy—for which he had been inspired by Thomas Carlyle and other seers.  Masterman had a long-standing influence as a champion of radical change. On one hand, he ridiculed anachronistic attachments to outmoded Victorian ideals and institutions. However, his own rhetoric was deeply rooted in high Victorian idealism. He proposed a wide-ranging program to assist the working class, such as labour exchanges, wage boards and free meals for schoolchildren. Historians have puzzled as to his ability to lose elections that had been prearranged for him. He had psychological problems, such as severe mood swings and mental health problems, and his public demeanour often struck observers as cynical and self-righteous.  John Buchan described Masterman as "one of the most brilliant, misunderstood, and tragically fated men of his time".

Personal life
In 1908, Masterman married Lucy Blanche Lyttelton, poet,” and writer, later a politician, daughter of General Sir Neville Lyttelton. She was the author of A Book of Wild Things (1910), Poems (1913), and London from the Bus-top (1951); she also edited Mary Gladstone (Mrs Drew): her diaries and letters (1930). They had three children:

Margaret Mary Masterman (4 May 1910 - 1 April 1986), a British linguist and philosopher most known for her pioneering work in the field of computational linguistics and especially machine translation. She founded the Cambridge Language Research Unit and was a founding Fellow of Lucy Cavendish College, Cambridge. Margaret was married to the distinguished Cambridge philosopher R.B. Braithwaite.
Neville Charles Masterman (1912–2019), an academic historian at Swansea University. He served in the Second World War and was transferred to Bletchley Park where he learned Japanese to help with translation. Neville went to Westminster School and read Theology at Christ's College, Cambridge, his father's alma mater.
Dorothy Hilda Masterman (1914–1981).
Lucy Masterman's biography of her husband  was published in 1939. The Masterman Papers are held at the Cadbury Research Library, University of Birmingham.

Election results
See also
Liberalism in the United Kingdom

References
Further reading
David, E. I. "Charles Masterman and the Swansea District By-Election, 1915." Welsh History Review= Cylchgrawn Hanes Cymru 5 (1970): 31+.
Hopkins, Eric. Charles Masterman (1873–1927), politician and journalist: the splendid failure (Edwin Mellen Press, 1999).
Mason, Francis M. "Charles Masterman and National Health Insurance." Albion 10#1 (1978): 54–75.
Masterman, Lucy Blanche Lyttelton. C. F. G. Masterman: a biography (London: Nicholson and Watson, 1939); well researched account by his widow,
Matthew, H. C. G. "Masterman, Charles Frederick Gurney (1873–1927)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004; online edn, May 2015 accessed 2 Aug 2016
Stapleton, Julia. "The new liberal vision of C.F.G. Masterman: religion, politics and literature in early twentieth-century Britain." Modern intellectual history. 17.1 (2020): 85-115. online

External links
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Charles Masterman
Tennyson as a Religious Teacher (1900)
The Child and Religion article in collection edited by Thomas Stephens (1905)
To colonise England: a plea for a policy edited with W B Hodgson and others (1907)
Ruskin the Prophet article in collection edited by J H Whitehouse (1920)
England after War: A study by John Buchan (1922)
Full text of 'The Condition of England'
Newspaper clippings about Charles Masterman in the 20th Century Press Archives of the ZBW

Title: Arctornis subvitrea
Arctornis subvitrea is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Francis Walker in 1865. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
The caterpillar eats Terminalia catappa and Carpinus viminea.


== References ==

Title: Queen's House Football Club
Queen's House was a 19th-century rugby football club that was notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union, as well as producing a number of international players in the sport's early international fixtures.

History
Queen's House was established in 1867 through the co-operation of the brothers Rowland and Edward Hill and the families of Hewitt and Fry, who all lived in Greenwich. The club was named after the famous Queen's House in Greenwich where Rowland Hill was born. The team wore a white jersey with the blue crown. The club played football using a modified form of the Rugby School code. On 26 January 1871, they sent representation to a meeting of twenty-one London and suburban football clubs that followed Rugby School rules (Wasps were invited by failed to attend) assembled at the Pall Mall Restaurant in Regent Street. E.C. Holmes, captain of the Richmond Club assumed the presidency. It was resolved unanimously that the formation of a Rugby Football Society was desirable and thus the Rugby Football Union was formed. A president, a secretary and treasurer, and a committee of thirteen were elected, to whom was entrusted the drawing-up of the laws of the game upon the basis of the code in use at Rugby School. Although Queen's House was considered prominent enough to have been invited, they did not gain any of the thirteen places on the original committee.

The club was regarded at one time as one of the most formidable clubs in London, and perhaps the most difficult to beat. The London Scottish, a team with great success against all teams in the London area, in the five matches played against Queen's House were never able to snatch a victory and in fact Sidney Ellis of Queen's House was the first player to ever cross the London Scottish try-line. At its height the team comprised Cameron Hewitt playing back, Tom and Fred Fry as three-quarters, and Sidney Fry as a half-back. In the physically powerful forwards were Walter Hewitt, the international oarsman and his brother Malcolm, as well as the England international Sidney Ellis. Contemporary accounts describe the team as having "probably as strong a set of scrummagers as were ever got together. They did not go in for a fast or showy game, and were never great scorers, but their defence was wonderfully strong, and it is doubtful whether any team ever had a finer lot of tacklers."
In the short time the team was together, their greatest rivals were their neighbours, Blackheath FC, with whom they played the closest and most exciting matches.

Disbandment
With the emigration of Cameron Hewitt and Fred and Sidney Fry to Canada in the early 1880s and the retirement of Tom Fry, the team lost its nucleus. Rather than risk the probability of a decadence it was decided to disband the club in the height of its prosperity.

Notable players
A number of Queen's House players represented England:

T. Fry (first capped 1880)
Sidney Ellis (first capped 1880)
W. Hewitt (first capped 1881)


== References ==

Title: George Street Co-op
The George Street Co-op is a food cooperative located in New Brunswick, New Jersey. The George Street Co-op runs a retail store at 89 Morris Street, selling foods and select hygiene and household products to the general public and to its membership.

Values
The Co-op, as it is known to its members, maintains a focus on offering vegetarian, organic, local food, naturally grown and fair trade products.  This focus on vegetarian fare extends to The Namaste Cafe upstairs. The space upstairs also serves as a community space for everything from yoga classes to comedy shows.

History
The George Street Co-op was formed in 1973 when ten people from the Rutgers Vegetarian Club started a buying club out of a garage near George Street in New Brunswick. A year later, the Co-op moved to a new building on George Street and opened a small retail store.  In May 1988 the George Street Co-op purchased and moved into a new building at 89 Morris Street.

References
External links
Official Website

Title: After the Ball (song)
"After the Ball" is a popular song with music and lyrics by Charles K. Harris. Created in 1891, the song is a classic waltz in 3/4 time.  In the song, an uncle tells his niece why he has never married.  He saw his sweetheart kissing another man at a ball, and he refused to listen to her explanation.  Many years later, after the woman had died, he discovered that the man was her brother.
"After the Ball" became the most successful song of its era, which at that time was gauged by the sales of sheet music.  In 1892, it sold over two million copies of sheet music.  Its total sheet music sales exceed five million copies, making it the best seller in Tin Pan Alley's history.  It exemplifies the sentimental ballads published before 1920, whose topics were frequently babies, separation, and death.

History
The song was originally written for an amateur minstrel show in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  It was not an immediate success, but Harris published it himself and arranged for it to be interpolated into the touring musical production of A Trip to Chinatown, in which it was sung by J. Aldrich Libbey.  Its popularity grew when it was performed regularly by John Philip Sousa and his band at the 1893 World's Fair in Chicago.  In England, it was promoted by George Lashwood. Successful recordings in 1893 were by George J. Gaskin and by John Yorke AtLee.
The song was later famously used in the musical Show Boat to exemplify the 1890s style of music.  There it was performed by Norma Terris. In the 1936 film version of the musical, it was performed by Irene Dunne, and in the 1951 film version, by Kathryn Grayson. Only the first verse and chorus were sung in Show Boat.
It was also sung by Alice Faye in the 1940 biographical musical film, Lillian Russell.  The song is also heard in the 1936 movie, San Francisco. In the HBO series Carnivàle, the second episode of the first season is titled "After the Ball is Over", and a fragment is sung at the end of the episode. In the last scene of an episode of Season 10 of Murdoch Mysteries, Dr. Julia Ogden plays the song on a gramophone as she removes for examination the brain of a serial killer on the autopsy table.

Lyrics
Parody
The popularity of the song made it a natural for contemporary parody. A common version was:

Alternative parody verse 2 of above:

Alternative parody verse:

Alternative parody verse:

Alternative parody verse:

Selected modern recordings and arrangements
Guy Lombardo And His Royal Canadians,  	 1950
Lawrence Welk And His Orchestra,  1957
Bing Crosby included the song in a medley on his album Join Bing and Sing Along , (1959)
Bob Kames,  1959
Draaiorgel "De Pruik", 1960
Nat King Cole on Those Lazy-Hazy-Crazy Days of Summer, 1963
The Kingsway Strings
Julie London - for her album Swing Me an Old Song (1959)
Orkest Frans Kerkhof 	1960
Bob Crewe arranged Crewe 1967, covered by Danny Rivers South Africa, 1967
The Merrymen, from their album "Colour It Calypso", 1971
Joan Morris and William Bolcom on their debut album of the same title, 1974
Anita Harris	1978
Frances Black with the band Arcady from Ireland, credited as "trad.", 1990
Dave Davies (of English band The Kinks) on the various artists album, The Beautiful Old, 2013

See also
List of best-selling sheet music

References
Booth, Mark W. The Experience of Songs. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1981; pp. 159–72.
Goldberg, Isaac. Tin Pan Alley: A Chronicle of American Popular Music. New York: Frederick Ungar, [1930], 1961; pp. 90–98 and passant.
Harris, Charles K. After the Ball. New York: Frank Maurice, 1926; p. 50 and passant.

Bibliography
Booth, Mark W. The Experience of Songs. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1981. ISBN 0300026226
Goldberg, Isaac. Tin Pan Alley: A Chronicle of American Popular Music. New York: Frederick Ungar, [1930], 1961. OCLC 687309
Harris, Charles K. After the Ball. New York: Frank Maurice, 1926. OCLC 862504
Smith, Kathleen E. R. (2003). God Bless America: Tin Pan Alley Goes to War. The University Press of Kentucky. ISBN 0813122562.

External links
"After the Ball" at Tin Pan Alley project Archived 2016-03-05 at the Wayback Machine

Title: Oksana Skorik
Oksana Skorik (Ukrainian: Оксана Скорик, born April 20, 1989) is a professional ballet dancer from Kharkiv, Ukraine and Principal Dancer of the Mariinsky Ballet. She joined the Mariinsky Ballet in 2007 after graduating from the Perm School of Dance in Russia. She was the subject of David Kinsella's documentary A Beautiful Tragedy and was featured on RT Documentary's Ballet, Sweat and Tears.

Early life
Skorik was born in Kharkiv, Soviet Union on April 20, 1989. It was decided by her mother that she was going to be a ballet dancer ever since she was born, and the days after her 5th birthday, her mother took her to Perm School of Dance where she would attend ballet classes and board every year until her graduation at the age of 18. During her time in Perm School of Dance, Skorik suffered from anorexia due to the harsh comments of teachers and staff of the school, who would often compare students with each other. In 2008, A Beautiful Tragedy, a documentary directed by David Kinsella focused on 15-year-old Oksana's journey through ballet school and her battle with anorexia. The documentary followed her during one year (2004-2005) and expressed her innermost feelings about ballet and her relationship with food.
On February 26, 2019 Oksana gave birth to a son named Ostap.

Mariinsky Ballet
Skorik was offered a contract with the Mariinsky Ballet in 2007 as a coryphée until she was promoted to first soloist in 2012. She was promoted to prima ballerina on stage at the Segerstrom Performing Arts Center after a performance of Raymonda on September 25, 2015.  She has toured with the Mariinsky Ballet to the United States, Japan, and Europe.

Repertoire
La Sylphide (Sylph); choreography by August Bournonville, revised version by Elsa-Marianne von Rosen.
Giselle (Giselle, Monna, Zulma); choreography by Jean Coralli, Jules Perrot and Marius Petipa.
La Bayadère (Nikia, Trio of Shades); choreography by Marius Petipa, revised version by Vladimir Ponomarev and Vakhtang Chabukiani.
The Sleeping Beauty (Princess Aurora, Lilac Fairy, Princess Florine); choreography by Marius Petipa, revised version by Konstantin Sergeyev.
Swan Lake (Odette-Odile, Swans, Two Swans); choreography by Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov, revised version by Konstantin Sergeyev.
Raymonda (Raymonda); choreography by Marius Petipa, revised version by Konstantin Sergeyev.
The Nutcracker (Masha); choreography Vasily Vainonen.
Le Corsaire (Medora); production by Pyotr Gusev after the composition and choreography by Marius Petipa.
Don Quixote (Kitri, Queen of the Dryads); choreography by Alexander Gorsky.
Grand Pas Classique; choreography by Viktor Gsovsky.
Chopiniana (Nocturne, Mazurka, Seventh Waltz, First Waltz); choreography by Michel Fokine.
Serenade; choreography by George Balanchine
Symphony in C (II. Adagio, III. Allegro vivace); choreography by George Balanchine
Jewels (Diamonds, Rubies); choreography by George Balanchine
A Midsummer Night's Dream (Titania, Act II – Soloist in the Divertissement); choreography by George Balanchine
Concerto No 2 (Ballet Imperial).; choreography by George Balanchine
Tchaikovsky Pas de deux; choreography by George Balanchine
Romeo and Juliet (Juliet); choreography by Leonid Lavrovsky
The Legend of Love (Mekhmeneh-Bahnu); choreography by Yuri Grigorovich.
Carmen Suite (Carmen); choreography by Alberto Alonso.
Ondine (Four Naiads); choreography by Pierre Lacotte.
Marguerite and Armand (Marguerite); choreography by Frederick Ashton
Sylvia (Sylvia); choreography by Frederick Ashton
Le Parc (Soloist); choreography by Angelin Preljocaj
Paquita (Paquita); choreography by Yuri Smekalov
Paquita Grand Pas Classique (Variation)
In the Night; choreography by Jerome Robbins
Anna Karenina (Anna); choreography by Alexei Ratmansky
Infra; choreography by Wayne McGregor
The Bronze Horseman (Queen of the Ball); choreography by Yuri Smekalov

Accolades
Recipient of the Spirit of Dance prize in the category “Rising Star” (2012).
Prize-winner at the XII International Ballet Dancers’ and Choreographers’ Competition in Moscow (2nd prize, 2013).
Recipient of the Leonide Massine Prize in the category "Emerging Talent on the International Scene" (Positano, Italy 2014)
Nomination for Prix Benois de la Danse (2016)


== References ==

Title: West Indian cricket team in India in 2006–07
The West Indies cricket team toured India for 4-match ODI series from 21 January 2007 to 31 January 2007.

Squads
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
References
External links
CricketArchive
Wisden Cricketers Almanack 2007

Title: Dick Coury
Richard P. Coury (September 29, 1929 – August 15, 2020) was an American football coach. In a career that spanned across five decades, Coury coached with distinction on the high school, college, and professional levels. His most prominent posts were as head football coach at Cal State Fullerton from 1970 to 1971, the Portland Storm of the World Football League (WFL) in 1974, and the Boston/New Orleans/Portland Breakers of the United States Football League (USFL) from 1983 to 1985. He was named USFL Coach of the Year in 1983.

Biography
Coury was born to Lebanese-American parents, Thomas ("Tannous") and Mary Coury ("Khouri"). Thomas immigrated to the US in 1903 from Beirut, and Mary followed in 1910. Coury grew up in Athens, Ohio and was a star athlete in football, basketball, and baseball at Athens High School. A 1951 University of Notre Dame graduate, Coury was not a football player, but served as a student assistant for head coach Frank Leahy. After graduating from Notre Dame with a bachelor's degree in physical education, Coury enlisted in the U.S. Army where he, with a recommendation from Coach Leahy, became the backfield coach for the Camp Drake Bulldogs, a football team composed of U.S. Army Soldiers stationed in Japan during the Korean War. It would be the closest Corporal Coury would come to the shores of Korea. His first full-time coaching position was an assistant at Mater Dei High School in 1953 under head coach Tom Carter for two seasons, then under Steve Musseau until 1956. After four seasons, Coury moved up to head the program, compiling a record of 85–9–5 from 1957 to 1965, winning seven Angelus League titles, three CIF-Southern Section championships along with one runner-up finish. Among his many star players included quarterback and future Heisman Trophy winner John Huarte. He then joined University of Southern California coach John McKay's staff as defensive coordinator in 1966.
Coury then moved on to Cal State Fullerton, serving as the school's first head coach, tallying a record of 13–8–1 from 1970 and 1971.
Coury had also held coaching positions with the Denver Broncos, Houston Oilers, Los Angeles Rams, Minnesota Vikings, New England Patriots, Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers and San Diego Chargers in the National Football League. His last coaching job was with the St. Louis Rams before he retired in 1999 to become a scout.
Coury died on August 15, 2020, at the age of 90.

Personal
Coury was the father of current Lake Oswego High School football head coach Steve Coury.

Head coaching record
High School
College
WFL
USFL


== References ==

Title: Michael Oakley
Michael James Oakley (born 3 January 1982) is a Scottish synthwave producer and musician.

Early life
Oakley was born in Glasgow but moved to Los Angeles in 2016, before settling in Canada in 2018. He attended Williamwood High School in Clarkston, East Renfrewshire. He is a self-taught musician, having taken piano lessons for a short period in his youth.

Career
Having worked in Glasgow's cover band scene for some years, Oakley penned what would become his debut album, California, in 2016. Lesley Daunt of The Huffington Post wrote in 2017 of the lead single "Turn Back Time", "Oakley's captivating beats and celestial synthesizers have given a fresh approach and revival to classic pop".
In 2017, Oakley released California to critical acclaim from The Huffington Post and popular YouTube channel and record label NewRetroWave.
In 2019, the artist released his sophomore album, Introspect, which was listed in NewRetroWave's Top 10 albums list of 2019.
In 2020, Oakley issued the track "Wake Up!", featuring Ollie Wride, as part of the soundtrack to the game Wave Break: High Tide, through Funktronic Labs. In the same year, he contributed an instrumental remix of his 2016 single "Rabbit in the Headlights" to the soundtrack of the mobile game Retro Drive.
On 16 April 2021, Oakley announced the release of a new single, "Is There Anybody Out There", co-written by fellow labelmate Ollie Wride and produced by Jon Campbell of The Time Frequency.
Oakley released his third studio album, Odyssey, on 14 May 2021, through NewRetroWave Records. Callum Crumlish of Daily Express wrote, "The glowing eight-track record oozes style and electronica while managing to steer clear of the cliched building blocks of the genre".

Life-saving incident
In 2012, while returning from a performance at a wedding function near Glasgow, Oakley rescued two men from a burning car.

Discography
Albums
California (2017)
Introspect (2019)
Odyssey (2021)

EPs
Four (2022)

Singles
"Turn Back Time" (2016)
"Rabbit in the Headlights" (2016)
"Afterglow" – Scandroid (Michael Oakley Remix) (2018)
"Control" (2018)
"Now I'm Alive" (feat. Dana Jean Phoenix) (2019)
"Euphoria" – Scandroid (Michael Oakley Remix) (2019)
"Queen of Hearts" (2020)
"Wake Up!" - feat. Ollie Wride (Wave Break: High Tide Soundtrack) (2020)
"Is There Anybody Out There" (2021)
"Glasgow Song"  (feat. Dana Jean Phoenix) (2021)
"We Are the Dreamers"  (feat. Elevate the Sky) (2022)

References
External links
Official website
Michael Oakley discography at Discogs
Michael Oakley on SoundCloud

Title: Eberhard Binder
He was a German writer, illustrator, and book designer. He worked mainly in East Germany, and was very prolific. He lived 74 years from (1924-1988). He was born in Staßfurt, Germany and died in Magdeburg, Germany.

Publications (as illustrator)
Sandmännchen auf der Leuchtturminsel (Sandmännchen on the lighthouse island) by Rudi Strahl, 1963
Robinson im Müggelwald by Rudi Strahl, 1969


== References ==

Title: Millicent Browne
Millicent Louisa Browne (25 December 1881 – 8 February 1975), later Millicent Price, was a British teacher, suffragist and pacifist. She was nicknamed "Militant Browne" by Frederick Pethwick-Lawrence.

Early life
Browne was born in London, where her father Walter Browne was an actor and baritone singer. Her parents’ marriage ended around 1884 and her mother Ellen Phyllis Browne took her and her two sisters to live in York. Her mother was a descendant of William Wilberforce.
Browne was educated at Castlegate College, York, then was a pupil-teacher at the Priory Street School. She trained as a teacher at Swansea Training College until 1902, before teaching at Beeston School in Leeds and Scarcroft School in York.

Suffragist activism
Browne was a campaigner for the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) and in 1907 was posted to the branch in Bristol, where she became a close friend of Annie Kenney. She travelled around Britain giving talks in support of Women's suffrage, including in Derbyshire, Wiltshire, and Rhyl and Llandudno in Wales.
Whilst campaigning in Bristol, Browne met her future husband Reginald Charles Price. Price was a Bristol Universitystudent who helped to defend a group of suffragettes when they were protesting. His father was a well known Birmingham jeweller.

Browne was invited to Emily Blathwayt's home at Eagle House, Batheaston where the leading suffragettes recouped. Significant visitors were asked to plant a tree to record their achievements on behalf of the cause e.g. a prison sentence. On 4 July 1909 Browne planted not a tree but a holly bush. Linley Blathwayt took her picture and recorded the planting. Most of the trees were destroyed in the 1960s, but Browne's plaque is one of the few to have survived.
Browne was a pacifist and Quaker, as well as a supporter of the campaign for women's enfranchisement, and left the WSPU in 1911 when their tactics became more militant and violent.

Later life
During World War I, Browne worked for the Friends War Victims Relief Committee to support Belgian war refugees. As her husband was a pacifist and Quaker like his wife, he was a conscientious objector. The couple later supported peace organisations.
Browne wrote her autobiography in 1935 and copies are held in the archives in York and at the Women's Library in London.
She died in 1975.


== References ==

Title: Cristina Llanos
Cristina Llanos Fayos (born 3 December 1975) is a Spanish musician, singer, guitarist and songwriter. She was the lead vocalist and principal songwriter of the Spanish rock band Dover.

Biography
She attended Virgen de Europa School in Boadilla del Monte, and she left it after repeating the course at 18 years old. After living six months in London, she worked in clothing stores that her mother run in a mall of Majadahonda. She is the younger sister of Amparo Llanos, guitarist and band leader of Dover, who influenced her by teaching her to play the guitar and introducing her to bands like The Beatles, R.E.M. or Nirvana.
She began her career in 1992 with her sister Amparo and Jesús Antúnez. They found a bassist (Alvaro Díez) and recorded the album "Sister", which was a great disappointment, selling only 700 copies. Two years later, they released "Devil Came to Me" with which they got a remarkable success of sales, 800,000 copies. In 2006, "Follow the city lights" was released, turning its music genre to electronics. A few years later, the album "I Ka Kené" was published and had a strong influence of African sounds. In February 2015, they released a new album, "Complications", with which they returned to their origins of rock.
Cristina was responsible for most of the lyrics of the group.

Discography
Dover
Sister (1995)
Devil Came to Me (1997)
Late at Night (1999)
I Was Dead for 7 Weeks in the City of Angels (2001)
The Flame (2003)
Follow the City Lights (2006)
I Ka Kené (2010)
Complications (2015)

References
External links

Official Web: Dover
Twitter: Dover
Facebook: Dover
MySpace: Dover

Title: Valley Arena Gardens
The Valley Arena Gardens, most commonly referred to as the Valley Arena, was a sporting and entertainment venue in Holyoke, Massachusetts, best known for hosting weekly boxing matches which included Rocky Marciano's debut professional fight. Though best known for its history as a boxing venue, the Valley Arena also hosted wrestling, basketball, roller hockey, miniature golf and featured its own restaurant. As a nightclub and theatre in the round venue it also hosted an array of vaudeville acts such as The Three Stooges and Bela Lugosi, as well as renowned musicians including Count Basie, Duke Ellington, The Ink Spots, The Dorsey Brothers, The Glenn Miller Orchestra, Sarah Vaughan, and The Temptations. In an interview with Woody Herman and band alumni, Jack Dulong, saxophonist and member of Herman's "Third Herd", described it as "an 'institution' for big bands."
Plagued by several fires, at least one of which was from suspected arson, as well as a decline in attendance with the emergence of television, the venue was closed following the 3rd such fire on May 12, 1960. After considerable delay, the building was ultimately demolished in August 1964.
Today the space where it once stood is occupied by the Valley Arena Park, a small recreational green space managed by the city.

History
Prior to its permanent home in the gashouse, the Valley Arena was first established in a space at 560-66 Main Street in 1916 by Homer Rainault, and his business partner Amedee F. Goulet, as a gym. The two had previously run a cigar counter and billiard academy for 23 years in the same neighborhood, and by the time they opened the Valley Arena, Rainault was a promoter who had previously organized fights in Hartford, Troy, and West Springfield. Rainault's career as a promoter would really begin after 1920, when the Commonwealth officially legalized boxing, theretofore an underground sport. On August 11, 1925, Valley Arena, Inc. was formally incorporated, and by October 23, 1925, the company had purchased an old brick gasholder house from the City of Holyoke's municipal gas works. The sale at the time was listed in the register of deeds as a land sale as the gasholder house had been previously decommissioned in 1915, was briefly considered as a site for a new public bathhouse, but had remained unoccupied since. After 3 months of construction, the new converted Valley Arena Gardens debuted with their first fight on February 8, 1926 with a match between one "Petey" Mack and Leo "Kid" Roy.
On June 13, 1943, at approximately 2am, the first of three fires in the Arena's history broke out. An hour after owner Homer Rainault left the building, local patrolmen reported seeing flames billowing out of the building. Starting on the first floor and filling all reaches, the fire caused between an estimated $150,000–$200,000 in damage (approx. $2.1 to 2.5 million in 2017 USD). The building was insured however, but only for $100,000; in the weeks following the fire, owner Homer Rainault expressed doubts over rebuilding. Ultimately Rainault decided to rebuild, and used the Holyoke War Memorial Building as a music venue for the remainder of the year, hosting a number of artists, including The Ink Spots, during this time. Fights continued at a local club in Springfield and by August of that year, Rainault had put everything in place to rebuild. Eight months after the devastating fire, the venue reopened on February 28, 1944 with a 10 round match between bantamweight champion Louis Salica and one Mario Colon, a rising star from Mexico.
In 1944, the Arena's founder Homer Rainault died unexpectedly from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 58; by that time he had gained a reputation as a promoter for giving many nationally famous boxers their start in the Connecticut Valley. The board of directors ultimately voted for his nephew, Oreal D. Rainault to take his place. Rainault would eventually sell the venue in 1952 to two businessmen, Jack and Ralph Kane of Norfolk, Virginia; making it clear that this sale was only partial as he retained stock in the company.

Even before the second fire, the venue had begun to see a decline in its attendance for boxing matches as television gained popularity while stage shows and  events that relied on audience attendance saw shrinking numbers across the country. On November 11, 1952, the boxing matchmaker, Joe Di Maria, resigned due to dwindling crowds that season. In contrast with its boxing, by the end of 1952, concerns had been raised by Holyoke police and fire departments about overcrowding at the venue's night club. On December 23, the police and fire chiefs held a conference stating that maximum capacities would be discussed with and enforced by the Arena's management, denying rumors that the venue was being given a pass.

Only three days after that press conference, on December 26, 1952, the second started in the Circus Lounge of that building in the early hours of the morning. Future Holyoke fire chief William W. Mahoney, then a member of one of the companies which fought the fire, later went on to describe it as "one of the most vicious fires for smoke conditions [he'd] ever seen," severe enough that an eye doctor had to set up a first aid station at the scene. The three-alarm fire quickly spread, and led to tenants across South Holyoke being roused from their beds in case of a possible evacuation. In total the fire caused an estimated $250,000 of damages (approx. $2.3 million in 2018 USD), and injured 6 firefighters. The fire had begun in the basement, and with the premises flooded for several days, firefighters were not immediately able to determine its cause. While formal inquests were made and hours of testimony given by the owners and multiple employees under oath, conflicting accounts were found and the fire was deemed "of unknown but suspicious origin" by the state police captain tasked with its investigation.
While the city had allowed boxing to continue in the Holyoke War Memorial building during the previous fire, this was not the case the second time. Before Jack Kane or anyone else associated with the arena could approach the War Memorial Commission, their chairman Thomas Epstein introduced a motion, passed unanimously, opposing the use of the hall for wrestling or boxing matches. The venue would reopen following its last reconstruction, on September 28, 1953.
After the final fire on May 12, 1960, Oreal Rainault elected not to not attempt rebuilding the venue. Following a prolonged period where the burnt-out ruins of the building sat vacant, the Valley Arena Gardens were demolished throughout the month of August, 1964.

Boxing
While it hosted many well known musicians and other sporting events, the Arena was best remembered as a boxing venue, where many champions across multiple weight classes got their start in their early professional careers. Among the many other household names who would fight in the ring, were Beau Jack, Willie Pep, Kid Kaplan, Lou Ambers, Billy Petrolle, Jack Delaney, Frankie Genaro, Sandy Saddler, Rocky Graziano, Ike Williams, and Ernie Schaaf. Jersey Joe Walcott, best known as the oldest man to ever win the world heavyweight championship title at the age of 37 (prior to George Foreman's win at 45 in 1994), also fought in the Arena for an exhibition match.
Within a decade of opening, the Arena had gained such prominence in the national boxing scene by the 1930s that Holyoke news held a regular column in the boxing magazine The Ring.
More than two decades after the venue had burnt down, World Featherweight Champion Willie Pep was quoted as saying "it was a breeding place...anybody who was anybody boxed there." One Mike Cipriano, a New York promoter who managed Jake LaMotta and Harry LaSane, described it as "a little Madison Square Garden...the arena was known from coast to coast—they'd sell out almost every week...it was nothing for a bunch of us to pile into a car and head for Holyoke...If you didn't fight in Holyoke, you weren't a fighter" The venue was known for having raucous crowds, notably on April 26, 1954, when a boxer, Howard Saligny of New York, made low blows against one Gerry Tessier of Springfield, within minutes the ringside spectators had poured into the ring punching and kicking Saligny to the ground; police eventually restored order.
The Arena hosted the first match in the continental United States of Sixto Escobar, the first Puerto Rican to win a world title. On May 7, 1934, Escobar, a bantamweight, defeated bantamweight contender and Canadian flyweight champion Bobby Leitham, in a fight that made headlines in local papers and was described as a "dramatic upset". The match of 10 rounds was ended abruptly in the seventh, when a referee realized the extent to which Leitham's left eye had been hemorrhaged by a sharp right overhand which had also left a gash across his cheek. Escobar was declared winner of the match by technical knockout.
The Arena hosted Rocky Marciano's professional debut in the ring, as a 4-round opener against Holyoke native Lee (real name Leslie V.) Epperson on St. Patrick's Day, March 17, 1947. In the first professional bout of his career the Brockton native, then stationed in the air force at Westover, was billed as "Rocky Mackianno of Westover Field" or "Rocky Mac" for short. Having been set up for the opening fight by a friend who had known Rainault, Marciano managed to hold on for the first two rounds as Epperson landed several blows as his own missed. The match came to an abrupt end however, 42 seconds into the third round when Marciano landed a sharp right uppercut, knocking his opponent through the ropes and out of the ring. Because the fight predated Marciano's continuous professional career by about a year, and he had been billed under a slightly different name, it remained entirely obscure until later in the heavyweight's career. After retiring, Marciano would make a second appearance at the venue a decade later, serving as a referee. Brought on at the invitation of boxing promoter Sam Silverman, it would be billed as his "Eastern Debut" in such a capacity- his only previous referee role being at a venue in New Orleans.

Music
Throughout nearly the entirety of its existence the Arena booked many famous musicians for its night club, which featured its own in-house orchestra. Spanning generations, it hosted many famous musicians across several genres, including jazz, blues, big band, country, soul, and rock & roll with such names as- Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Wee Bonnie Baker, The Dorsey Brothers, The Ink Spots, Lionel Hampton, Roy Rogers, The Glenn Miller Orchestra, Sarah Vaughan, The Temptations, Shep Fields, and Jack Teagarden.
The venue was known both as a regular stop for big band musicians, and an especially arduous gig for them other among acts. In his memoirs, Gene Bockey, a saxophonist in Tommy Dorsey's band called it "the hell-hole of all name bands". In a 1986 interview, Woody Herman alumni Jack E. DuLong, another saxophonist, described it as "that infamous job that all bands hated, that all-day thing at the Holyoke Arena...It was Sunday, and you'd get in early in the morning, and rehearse perhaps a dozen acts and play three shows; one in the afternoon and two in the evening. You would start rehearsing in the morning without even an hour's sleep. It was a theater-in-the-round type thing, an 'institution' for big bands. After there we went into Brooklyn, New York, for a theater engagement."
This was a common theme for bands that played the Arena. In his 2008 memoir, Don't Bury Me in My Tuxedo, Daryl "Flea" Campbell, best known as one of the earliest trumpet players to tour with Tommy Dorsey's act, expanded on this, describing his time there with Charlie Spivak's band:

"Whenever we played a string of one-nighters in New England, we always seemed to wind up at the Holyoke arena... after traveling all night to get there. We never checked in a hotel in Holyoke but always continued to New York after the job...After driving all night, we would have a 10:00 a.m. rehearsal...The shows started about noon and wound up around 11:00 p.m. It was a long day. The balcony ran around the arena in a complete circle...The show better be good, or you became a target! There were four bars in the arena, which we visited between each show, so by 11:00 p.m., we were feeling pretty good. It was 150 miles from Holyoke to New York City, and as I said before, there were no interstates or thruways, just two-lane roads. We got the bus packed by eleven thirty..."

Other
The Arena also served as a venue for regular vaudeville shows as well, and several known stage actors including noted impersonator Larry Blake, and Bela Lugosi, of Dracula fame. In 1942, the venue found itself at the center of a political controversy when the mayor of Holyoke at that time, Henry J. Toepfert instituted a ban on all vaudeville acts on Sundays, building on previous Massachusetts blue laws that prevented dancing or the use of "grotesque" costumes on Sundays. The Arena had however already booked several such acts for Sundays from prior contracts, and was allowed by the city to continue them, despite protest from other venues in the city.
The Arena was also host to a number of well-known comedians. On three occasions, October 5, 1947, November 23, 1947 and April 30, 1950, The Three Stooges, Moe, Larry, and Shemp, gave performances at the venue. On an unknown date in the summer of 1950, comedian Lenny Bruce reportedly did a set. Comic Jerry Colonna would also perform at the Arena in 1946 and briefly made news when Oreal Rainault sued him for a second show at Riverside Park in Agawam. A prior contract had stipulated he not perform at any venue within 21 miles for 21 days before or after their booked show. While a temporary injunction was granted, it was ultimately dismissed.
Among other early sporting events hosted at the Arena, the venue also served as the home for the local amateur basketball league's "All-Valley Team", which included at least two players who had been invited to play in the American Basketball League. Wrestling was also a common event at the venue, with such names as Arnold Skaaland, Angelo Savoldi, Chief Don Eagle, and Bull Curry. The Fabulous Moolah made her New England debut at the Arena under the name June Ellison on June 25, 1949. Hans Mortier, billed as Tarzan Zorro, made his New England debut at the Arena on October 8, 1952.

Valley Arena Park
The land where the venue once stood was sold to the city by the Rainault family in 1968 and was converted initially into space for a playground
Within a year's time these plans were expanded into a playground and wading pool with bathhouse, with construction beginning in 1969. The park reopened in 1970. Despite being the site of a former gasworks, a comprehensive environmental assessment taken from 2004 through 2005 of the soils at the site found no contamination of the site inconsistent with background noise typically found in urban soils.

See also
Rhode Island Auditorium, a similar venue of the era, based in Providence

Notes
References
External links

Match Records for the Valley Arena, BoxerRec

Title: Louisiana National Guard
The Louisiana National Guard (French: Garde Nationale de Louisiane; Spanish: Guardia Nacional de Luisiana) is the armed force through which the Louisiana Military Department executes the U.S. state of Louisiana's security policy. Consisting of the Louisiana Army National Guard, a reserve component of the United States Army; the Louisiana Air National Guard, a reserve component of the United States Air Force; and the Louisiana State Guard, an all-volunteer state defense force, it is directed by an adjutant general appointed by the Governor of Louisiana unless federalized by order of the President of the United States, which places members on active U.S. military duty status.
The Louisiana National Guard has both active and inactive (reserve) members as well as full and part-time members. Part-time National Guard members are referred to as 'weekend warriors' both by the military and civilians.

History
The Militia Act of 1903 organized the various state militias into the present National Guard system. With this, the present-day Louisiana National Guard was established in 1916.
From 1968 to 1972 in the second term of Governor John J. McKeithen, the adjutant general for Louisiana was David Wade, then a retired lieutenant general in the United States Air Force, who had commanded Barksdale Air Force Base in Bossier City from 1963 to 1966. In 1980, Governor Dave Treen elevated Ansel M. Stroud, Jr., from assistant adjutant general to adjutant general, a position which Stroud filled until 1997.
Eugene McGehee, a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives and a state district court judge from East Baton Rouge Parish, advanced in the Louisiana National Guard from private beginning in 1948 to colonel over a period of more than three decades of service. Bert A. Adams, a member of the Louisiana House from 1956 to 1968, won a Bronze Star Medal in World War II and subsequently advanced to captain in the National Guard.
Randal Gaines, a lieutenant colonel in the Louisiana National Guard, is a member of the Louisiana House for St. Charles and St. John the Baptist parishes.
Ronald A. Waller was the first African American named a lieutenant colonel of the Louisiana National Guard.
Louisiana National Guard was active in Iraq, Irbil as support role for Kurdish rebels against Iranian and Islamic State forces.

Components
Louisiana Army National Guard
The Louisiana Army National Guard has 9,500 members stationed at 67 armories in 63 communities throughout Louisiana as of 2012, reporting to the Joint Force Headquarters.

256th Infantry Brigade - Headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana consists of a Headquarters and Headquarters Company and four Combat Heavy Engineer Battalions. HHC is located in Abbeville Louisiana. TIGER brigade in Lafayette.
225th Engineer Brigade - Headquartered at Louisiana National Guard Training Center Pineville near Pineville, Louisiana in Rapides Parish, is a combat heavy engineer brigade, and is the largest  engineer formation in the United States National Guard.
61st Troop Command - Headquartered in Carville, Louisiana, at the Gillis W. Long Center, consists of a headquarters element and a Weapons of Mass Destruction Civil Support Team, with approximately fifty Soldiers and Airmen. The Command has an important role in homeland security for the state.
State Aviation Command - With 800 Soldiers, eight units, and  two armories, the Command has twenty-six UH-60 Black Hawks, four LUH-72 Lakotas, two OH-58 Kiowas and one C-12 Huron. Units include seemingly the 1st and 2nd Battalions, 244th Aviation Regiment (United States), 850th Medical Company, and the 204th ATSG.
139th Regional Support Group - Headquartered in Louisiana National Guard Training Center Pineville, Louisiana, consisting of a Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment, 415th Military Intelligence Battalion,  the 773rd Military Police Battalion, 165th Combat Service Support Battalion, an Army Band and an Expeditionary Signal Company. The 139th has more than 1,800 troops, in 15 armories across the state. A new Armed Forces Readiness Center is under construction in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
199th Regiment (Regional Training Institute) - Headquartered in Louisiana National Guard Training Center Pineville, Louisiana, the 199th Regiment provides regionalized leadership, Noncommissioned Officer Education System (NCOES), Officer Candidate School (OCS), and general studies training for the Army National Guard (ARNG), the United States Army Reserve (USAR), and the Active Component (AC). The 199th Regiment plans and programs leadership training within its region based on requirements identified by the Individual Training Branch (ARNG-TRI) and the Army program for Individual Training (ARPRINT) and works in conjunction with its Proponents or Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in their respective areas of training.

Louisiana Air National Guard
The 159th Fighter Wing is the main component of the Louisiana Air National Guard. Stationed at the Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans in Belle Chasse, the wing is nicknamed the "Bayou Militia". If federalized the wing becomes part of the United States Air Force Air Combat Command. The wing was founded in 1941, on the south shore of Lake Pontchartrain as one of 29 original National Guard wings in the United States, but was moved to the current location in 1957.

Louisiana State Guard
In addition, the Louisiana State Guard (LSG) is an all-volunteer militia force under the Louisiana Military Department that provides reserve personnel to both the Louisiana Army National Guard and the Louisiana Air National Guard.   It is under state jurisdiction and its members are employed only within the State of Louisiana.  It is not subject to be called, ordered or assigned as any element of the federal armed forces. Its mission is to provide units organized, equipped and trained in the protection of life or property and the preservation of peace, order and public safety under competent orders of state authorities.

State Partnership Program
Louisiana has two countries in the SPP (State Partnership Program). Belize joined the SPP with Louisiana National Guard in 1996 and Haiti in 2011. Both of these nations fall under the area of operations of SOUTHCOM.

References
External links

Official Website of Louisiana National Guard
Official Website of Louisiana Air National Guard
Bibliography of Louisiana Army National Guard History compiled by the United States Army Center of Military History
Louisiana National Guard Magazine - Pelican Dispatch printed by AQP Publishing, Inc.
Louisiana Militia Papers US Army Heritage and Education Center, Carlisle, Pennsylvania

Title: Gorczeniczka
Gorczeniczka [ɡɔrt͡ʂɛˈnit͡ʂka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Brodnica and 53 km (33 mi) east of Toruń.


== References ==

Title: Johnston Busingye
Johnston Busingye is a Rwandan lawyer, who is the current High Commissioner of Rwanda to the United Kingdom. Previously, he served as the Minister of Justice and Attorney General, from 2013 to 2022.

Background and education
He has a Bachelor of Laws, obtained from Makerere University. He also holds a Diploma in Legal Practice, awarded by the Law Development Centre in Kampala.

Career
Johnston Busingye has held many positions in the Rwandan government and Rwandan judiciary. from 2006 until 2013, he served as the President of the High Court of Rwanda. Other responsibilities in the past, include as the National Prosecutor of Rwanda, as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Justice(Minijust), and as Principal Judge of the East African Court of Justice (EACJ). In his capacity as Minister of Justice, he announced in July 2014, the decision by the government of Rwanda, not to become a member of the International Criminal Court (ICC).

See also
Cabinet of Rwanda

References
External links
Website of the Rwanda Ministry of Justice

Title: Michael McCown
Michael McCown is an American operatic tenor, based at the Oper Frankfurt. While many of the ninety roles in his repertoire are comprimario, he has portrayed lead roles such as Britten's Captain Vere, Abott and Tempter, and Nebukadnezar.

Career
McCown was born in Abilene, Texas, the son of a pastor. He studied voice in Boston, and performed during his studies at the Aldeburgh Festival and at the Utah Opera.
McCown became a member of the Oper Frankfurt in 2001. He has a repertoire of more than 90 roles, appearing in Frankfurt as Normanno in Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor, the Shepherd in Wagner's Tristan und Isolde, Antonio in The Tempest by Thomas Adès, the Shepherd in Enescu's Œdipe, the Duke of Cornwall in Reimann's Lear and the Prior in Angels in America by Peter Eötvös. He also appeared as Don Alvar in Meyerbeer's L'Africaine, Fedotik Tri sestry by Eötvös. In 2016, he portrayed Captain Vere in Britten's Billy Budd and, according to a review, "conveyed all the conflicted forces preying on the character's mind". Roles in 2020 included the Second Jew in Salome staged by Barrie Kosky. In 2021 he first sang Leonard in a new production of Nielsen's Maskarade, Rouvel in Giordano's Fedora, and Tinca in Puccini's Il tabarro. He appeared in 2022 in new productions of Mozart's Die Zauberflöte as the First Armed Man, of Tchaikovsky's The Sorceress as Paisi, and of Puccini's Madama Butterfly as Yamadori. In 2023 he performed lead roles in a double bill of Britten's church parables at the Bockenheimer Depot, the double role of Abbot and Tempter in The Prodigal Son, and Nebuchadnezzar in The Burning Fiery Furnace. Axel Zibulski from the FAZ noted that McCown showed the "extreme lightness and luminous agility" ("extreme Leichtigkeit und leuchtende Wendigkeit") that characterised the voice of the composer's partner Peter Pears with whose voice in mind the music was written.
He performed as a guest in Der Rosenkavalier by Richard Strauss at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden. He appeared as Walter von der Vogelweide in Wagner's Tannhäuser at the Aalto Theater in Essen, and as Scaramuccio in Ariadne auf Naxos by Richard Strauss at the Bavarian State Opera in Munich.

References
External links
Official website
Michael McCown / Tenor operabase.com
Michael McCown discography at Discogs

Title: Radio Next
Radio Next 93.2 FM is a Bangladeshi private radio station. The radio launched on 6 May 2015 and it was available in all parts of Dhaka, Bangladesh. But this radio has been defunct without any announcement (≈ 9 October 2019).  The station broadcasts from 8 am to midnight. Its brand new slogan "The Happiest Radio On Earth" has been a part of re-branding on the occasion of its third anniversary in 2018. Since its inception, Radio Next previously used the tagline "More
Music, More Fun!"
Despite only being aired within the capital city of Dhaka, listeners can hear programs though online platforms. Radio Next is owned and run by Nitol–Niloy group. Currently Radio Next 93.2 FM is being broadcast only in Dhaka and it is available worldwide through its mobile application and many different third party online platforms. Radio Next 93.2 is generally a music and show based radio station. The first radio station to do live shows on Facebook along with the radio. Radio Next 93.2 FM is the first radio station to implement and run online live visual sessions of their shows.

Programs
Regular shows
The RJ Farhan Show (RJ Farhan)
Evening (RJ Armeen)
LOL (RJ Aongon)
Midday Madness (RJ VXL)
Breakfast Beat (RJ Shantu)

Weekend shows
Euphoria (RJ Ahona)
Global Grooves (RJ Nahiyan)
Bhalobasha (RJ Kumkum)
Listener's Diary (RJ Farhan)
(RJ Armeen)
Double A Battery (RJ Abonee & RJ Aongon)
(RJ Kumkum)

Celebrity show
Friendz Uncut (Tamim Mridha & Shouvik Ahmed)


== References ==

Title: Arracourt
Arracourt (French pronunciation: [aʁakuʁ]) is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.

History
The battle of Arracourt was a World War II clash of U.S. and German armored forces near Arracourt during September 18–29, 1944.

Population
See also
Communes of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department


== References ==

Title: Vincent Abbadie
Vincent Abbadie (born 25 May 1737 in Pujo, County of Bigorre; died 18 March 1814 in Châteauneuf-sur-Loire) was a French surgeon.

Life
Vincent Abbadie began his medical career as a surgeon in several Bayonne hospitals, where he worked for several years and treated, among other things, soldiers from the local garrison. After passing several exams, he received the necessary diploma to practice his profession as a naval surgeon on the high seas for a while. He then went to Paris in 1763 for further training, attended medical lectures and was finally appointed surgeon at the Bicêtre Hospital in the southern Paris suburb of Le Kremlin- Bicêtre.
After his employment there ended, he became surgeon to Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre. Through his work he received in 1768 the certificate of appointment as Surgeon General of the Navy.
Abbadie edited Précis des hernies ou desccentes (Nantes 1787) and translated the following treatises by David Macbride from English into French (Paris 1766):

Sur la fermentation des mélanges alimentaires
Sur la nature et les properties de l'air fixe
Sur les vertus respectives de different antiseptiques
Sur le scorbut
Sur la vertu dissolvante de la chaux live


== References ==

Title: David Hilt Tennent
David Hilt Tennent (28 May 1873 – 14 January 1941) was an American biologist and professor at the Bryn Mawr College. He was a specialist on cytology and embryology, particularly based on fertilization studies of echinoderms and made numerous studies on hybridization; and the control on expression of maternal and paternal genes.

Early life and education
Tennent was born in Janesville, Wisconsin, to Thomas, a contractor of Irish ancestry, and his second wife Mary from Philadelphia. Tennent was the fourth child from the second marriage and grew up in a large family with several children from his father's first marriage. He sought to study medicine but the death of his father in 1893 following an accident forced him to work as a clerk in a pharmacy during spare-time. He taught himself and passed the Wisconsin State Examination in Pharmacy and in 1895 he was supported by an older sister to study at the Olivet College, Michigan. He graduated in 1900, training in the last years under Hubert Lyman Clark who persuaded him to apply to Johns Hopkins. Receiving an assistantship, he studied under William Keith Brooks and Ethan Allen Andrews, and received a doctorate in 1904 with a dissertation titled "A study of the life-history of Bucephalus haimeanus: a parasite of the oyster".

Career
He taught briefly at Randolph Macon College. He worked at various marine research stations around the world including Woods Hole, Torres Strait, and Tokyo. In 1923, he had deposited his notes in a bank vault and travelled to China but the notes were destroyed in an earthquake. He conducted experiments on inter-specific hybridization of echinoderms and observed the fate of male and female chromatin in crosses. He was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1929 and the American Philosophical Society in 1938.

Personal life
Tennent married Esther Margaret Maddux in 1909. They had a son who became a biochemist.


== References ==

Title: Tilak Pariyar
Tilak Pariyar (Nepali: तिलक परियार) is a Nepalese politician and former Governor of Karnali Province. He was appointed Governor, as per the Article 163 (2) of the Constitution of Nepal by the President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 9 November 2021. He previously served as the 2nd Governor of Province No. 2 of Nepal. He is former member of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly from Banke-1 constituency.

Personal life
Pariyar was born in Liwang, Rolpa district on 31 October 1943 to Hasta Bahadur Pariyar and Bhakti Devi Pariyar. He did his secondary education and Bachelor degree from India. Pariyar is married to Chandra Pariyar, with whom he has four sons and four daughters.


== References ==

Title: Merseytram
Merseytram was a proposed light rail system for Merseyside, England. Originally proposed in 2001, forming part of the Merseyside Local Transport Plan, it was to consist of three lines, connecting the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley with central Liverpool. The project was postponed due to funding problems before eventually being formally closed down by Merseytravel in October 2013.

Planned services
City Centre Loop
The hub of the Merseytram system was to be a loop around Liverpool city centre. Designed to be constructed in two stages (simultaneous with Line One and Line Two), the loop would have covered major transport hubs (Liverpool Lime Street, for mainline services; Moorfields for the Merseyrail network; Paradise Street Interchange for city bus services; and the Pier Head for Mersey Ferry services). Other destinations included the Kings Dock Arena & Conference Centre, the main shopping centre (including the Liverpool One retail development) and tourist attractions such as St George's Hall, Tate Liverpool, the Albert Dock and the World Museum and Walker Art Gallery.

Line One
Line One was to leave the City Centre Loop at Monument Place and head in a north east direction along London Road and via the Royal Liverpool University Hospital to West Derby Road and out to West Derby and Croxteth, terminating at Kirkby; a distance of some 11 miles (18 km).

Line Two
Line Two, which was intended to open in 2008, would leave the city centre loop at Lime Street and head east to Prescot and Whiston, via Paradise Street, Knotty Ash and Page Moss.

Line Three
Line Three would have terminated at Liverpool John Lennon Airport via Liverpool South Parkway and may have used some running alongside the Edge Hill to Runcorn line.

History
19th century
Liverpool had an extensive tram network in the early-20th century, which was one of the most advanced in the UK. The network included large sections of reserved track in the centre reservations and side reservations of the dual carriageway system that was developed by Liverpool City Engineer, John Brodie. Brodie understood that ordinary railway sleeper track was less expensive than road tram track and thereby justified the increased width of the new roads. The reservations also allowed trams to by-pass road congestion.

20th Century
After World War II, trams fell out of favour and Liverpool City Council voted to scrap the system in 1957. The controversial decision was made by the casting vote of the mayor – a protocol requirement in the event of a hung vote.
During the 1960s and 1970s, public transport development in Liverpool concentrated on integration and expansion of the dispersed urban rail lines into a complete rapid transit network with bored tunnels and stations in the centre serving a large part of the city and Merseyside. The resulting metro-like network was called Merseyrail. One of the main proposals was the creation of an Outer Rail Loop by the electrification of a former passenger route through the eastern suburbs, a six platform underground interchange station at Broad Green, and using existing lines in the west of the city. This proposal was unsuccessful due to financial problems and political opposition. The eastern section of the Outer Loop was not built leaving the eastern districts of the city unserved.
In the mid 1990s, a new proposal was formulated to serve the eastern suburbs remote from the rail network. This was known as MRT, the Mersey Rapid Transit and would have consisted of articulated electric trolley buses using an electronic guidance system. The proposed route was from the City Centre to Page Moss via Mount Pleasant.
The scheme was rejected at public inquiry - one of the reasons given being the reopening of pedestrianised routes in the city centre to road vehicles. In response, Merseytravel proposed the Merseytram three line system.
Unlike the Manchester Metrolink, which used heavy rail lines and stations serving the towns around Manchester and street running in Manchester city centre, Merseytram was a stand-alone 100% street running network. Unable to build an underground rail in the city centre after the cancellation of the Picc-Vic tunnel scheme, Greater Manchester designed Metrolink as a mixture of commuter rail and street running trams where because of cost constraints tunnels could not be bored. Unlike Manchester, Liverpool has used and unused tunnels under its city centre. Metrolink acted as a fast commuter rail system on the outskirts and a street running tram in Manchester city centre. Merseytram did not use any Merseyrail track and branch off to disconnected parts of the city not served by rail. Neither did Merseytram use mothballed tunnels or trackbeds in the Liverpool area, of which the city has in abundance. The lack of integration with Merseyrail was criticized.

Scheme development
The project was accepted by Secretary of State for Transport Alistair Darling in December 2002. After extensive public consultation, the contract to build the first two lines was initially awarded in late 2004, but problems with the tender bid with regards to the best value forced the cancellation of the contract and the reopening of the tender process. In April 2005, the M-Pact consortium of GrantRail and Laing O’Rourke was named as the preferred bidder.
On 21 December 2004, the Merseytram Line 1 Transport and Works Act application was approved by Darling. The line was originally intended to start construction on 1 July 2005 for a 2007 opening. Plans called for it to use Bombardier Flexity Swift trams.
The tram network had formed part of a larger regeneration project in the areas in which it was intended to run, related to Liverpool's award of European Capital of Culture in 2008. In the event, the need to avoid extensive street works during 2008 led to half of the city centre loop being removed from the Line One scheme for delivery as part of the subsequent Line Two.

Rejection
Budget for the first stage of the project was set at £225 million, with the Government of the United Kingdom providing £170 million of the cost. However, by 2005 rising costs had led to a new requirement of £238 million against a cost of £325 million.
The Government had refused any additions to the initial amount and asked the two councils that would be supporting Line One (Liverpool City Council and Knowsley Metropolitan Borough Council) to make an agreement not to seek additional funding from the government if the project ran over budget.
Although some attempts to meet this request were made, Under-Secretary of State for Transport Derek Twigg felt that the assurances of the two councils that any shortfall would be met by Merseytravel and a £24 million contingency fund were insufficient and cancelled the scheme on 29 November 2005.

Efforts at revival
At the beginning of 2008 fresh hopes of reviving the tram project were raised. Keolis who would have been operating the trams originally, confirmed they are still on board and in ongoing talks with Merseytravel.
From 1 October 2008 new health and safety regulations were applied to light rail (trams) as well as to heavy rail (trains) meaning that required safety levels became higher and more expensive.
On 18 April 2008 a new bid for funds was requested by the Department for Transport, now seemingly considerably keener on the idea of trams on Merseyside. High hopes that the long-awaited project was finally back on track were raised even further with another announcement, a few days later, that the new business case for Line 1 was to be submitted to the DfT in the second half of 2008.
It was published by the local press in May 2008 that if Everton Football Club's relocation to Kirkby, just outside Liverpool, was granted planning permission, Merseytram would be more likely to go ahead. However, in November 2009, Everton's proposed stadium at Kirkby was rejected.
In November 2009 Merseytravel was given permission from local councils to seek new funding from the Department for Transport, making the £450 million project become back on track.

Compulsory purchase order
On 8 August 2013 a campaign group was set up to bring together the individuals and businesses affected by the compulsory purchase order that was in place for a number of years. The compulsory purchase has now officially expired. The aim of the campaign group was to seek compensation from Merseytram for the loss caused by the compulsory purchase order. A Freedom of Information request was also submitted to Merseytravel on 8 August 2013 with a view of obtaining the details of all land/building owners affected by the compulsory purchase order.

Future
Merseytram was placed as a priority project within Merseytravel's transport plan for 2006–2011, and alignments were preserved within all current and approved projects along the Line 1 route. The rights to construction were due to expire in February 2010 if construction had not begun, but the council controversially issued 800 compulsory purchase orders despite no funding being in place to commence construction. The council also approved the site of a park and ride at Gillmoss, off the East Lancashire Road to keep the planning permission alive. The park and ride site was viewed as interim use for bus-visiting football fans on match days. The project remained without government recognition as a regional transport priority, which prevented access to the Merseyside regional transport funding allocation budget of the Department for Transport.
In 2009, the then Minister of State for Transport Sadiq Khan, in the words of Liverpool Council leader Warren Bradley "virtually kills off Merseytram once and for all." The Merseytram project was formally closed by the Merseyside Integrated Transport Authority in October 2013.
In June 2019 the Liverpool Echo reported early plans for a similar light-rail or trackless electric system to connect the Lime Street area of central Liverpool to the Knowledge Quarter and Paddington Village, a route which currently suffers from poor public transport connection and traffic congestion. Under the provisional name of the 'Lime Line', the route would be part of a scheme to redevelop the area around the Adelphi Hotel.

Criticism
The route of Line One has caused some controversy. The fact that it would terminate at Kirkby, already served by a fast and frequent Merseyrail service, had led it to be seen as duplicating an existing service. Merseytravel responded by pointing out that Line One would serve a completely different market – an argument accepted by the inspector at the subsequent public inquiry.
There were also fears that the tram by taking one side of a dual carriageway at West Derby Road, would increase congestion on an already busy road. Merseytravel argued that congestion would be more likely to occur without the tram project and that improved junction design would serve to maintain capacity. Again, this argument was accepted by the inspector.
Liverpool City councillor Stuart Monkcom has been vociferous in his opposition to the tram scheme, highlighting poor financial performance of other tram networks: "In 2006, for example, Manchester's Altram accounts showed a loss of £8m due to overoptimistic passenger projections, while in the West Midlands the Midland Metro, also operated by Altram, showed losses of about £16m. Worst of all, down in London, Tramtrack Croydon Ltd recorded debts of £100m and was seeking financial restructuring in order to continue trading."
In response, critics stated that these arguments failed to recognise that these systems were all operated on a not for profit basis by the relevant PTEs. Tramtrack Croydon Ltd was bought out by Transport for London for £98m in 2008, TfL, which always set the fares had been paying the company £4 million a year in compensation for the commercially unviable fares under a 1996 agreement however it recognised operational savings could be made from owning the system directly.
Councillor Monkcom suggested expansion to Merseyrail or reconstruction of the Liverpool Overhead Railway as preferable schemes to Merseytram.

See also
Liverpool Tramways Company
Merseyrail
Merseytravel
Wirral Street Car

References
External links
"Merseyside tram system plan axed". BBC News. 29 November 2005.
Waddington, Marc (2 August 2013). "Merseytram scheme finally reaches the end of the line". Liverpool Echo.

Title: University of Technology, Nowshera
The Shuhada-e-Army Public School University of Technology (colloquially known as UOT) is a public university located in Nowshera, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is the first public university in Nowshera District and also the first technical university in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.

Departments
The university consists of the following departments:

Department of Electrical Engineering Technology
Department of Electronics Engineering Technology
Department of Mechanical Engineering Technology
Department of Civil Engineering Technology
Department of Information Engineering Technology
Department of Energy Engineering Technology

Academic programs
Following degree programs are offered at the university:

B.Sc. Electrical Engineering Technology
B.Sc. Electronics Engineering Technology
B.Sc. Civil Engineering Technology
B.Sc. Mechanical Engineering Technology
B.Sc. Information Engineering Technology
B.Sc. Energy Engineering Technology

See also
Northern University, Nowshera
Government Post Graduate College Nowshera
National University of Technology, Islamabad
Punjab Tianjin University of Technology, Lahore
Mir Chakar Khan Rind University of Technology, Dera Ghazi Khan

References
External links
UOT official website

Title: Hoa people in Ho Chi Minh City
The Hoa people in Ho Chi Minh City number about 500,000. They live mainly in Cho Lon (District 5, District 6, District 10 and District 11), which is seen as a local Chinatown. As of 2010, the Hoa people population accounted for just 7% of the city's population, but its members owned around 30% of the city's privately held enterprises. Many of these enterprises are successful companies such as Binh Tien, Thai Tuan and Kinh Do.
Before the Fall of Saigon, Chinese Businessmen played a very important role in the economic and political life of the Republic of Vietnam, as they maintained excellent relationships with the government. After the Vietnam War, especially after the Sino-Vietnamese War in 1979, many Chinese returned to China, fled to other parts of Southeast Asia, or emigrated to the United States and Canada, along with other Western countries .

See also
Jade Emperor Pagoda
Quan Âm Pagoda
Thien Hau Temple
Hoa

External links
Chinese Vietnamese Affairs Commission in Ho Chi Minh City
Population Statistics - Chinese population
CIA -The World Fact Book

Title: Mauro Lalli
Mauro Lalli (born 17 September 1965) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who works in the diplomatic service of the Holy See.

Biography
Mauro Lalli was born on 17 November 1965 in Atessa, Italy. He was ordained a priest for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto on 14 July 1990.

Diplomatic career
He entered the Diplomatic Service of the Holy See on 1 July 1999 and subsequently worked in the Papal Representations in Guatemala, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mozambique, Romania, Croatia, India, Iraq, Jordan and Cyprus.
On 1 March 2024, Pope Francis appointed him Titular Archbishop of Pausula and Apostolic Nuncio to Papua New Guinea.  He was consecrated as an archbishop on 11 May 2024.  He added the responsibilities of the Solomon Islands on 14 May 2024.
On 15 January 2025, he was replaced by Maurizio Bravi as nuncio to Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.

See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See


== References ==

Title: Christopher Del Bosco
Christopher Del Bosco (born March 30, 1982), is an American-born, Canadian freestyle skier who currently resides in  Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Del Bosco is a member of the Canadian national ski cross team. He is the reigning FIS World Champion and X Games champion in ski cross and has four other medals from the X Games including one gold, one silver, and two bronze. Del Bosco was a United States national champion prior to switching to the Canadian team.

Career
Del Bosco was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado but was raised in Vail, Colorado.  Prior to joining the Canadian freestyle ski team, he had problems with substance and alcohol abuse that had led to him being stripped of two US national titles, and at age 21 was discovered drunk in a ditch with a broken neck. His sister, Heather,  convinced him to go into rehab. This saved him from going to jail for another year. After this he received an offer from the Canadian ski team who had heard about Del Bosco and his Canadian passport, as Del Bosco's father was Canadian. Del Bosco was offered a spot on the team despite the character risks he carried with him and Del Bosco then agreed to join the Canadians.
He went on from there and built on his success with the Canadian ski team. In 2006 at the Winter X-Games he won a bronze medal in the ski-cross event. During the 2009–10 Freestyle Skiing World Cup he won two world cup events, one on the Alpe d'Huez and in Lake Placid. Del Bosco ended the season second overall on the World Cup rankings.
At the 2010 Winter X Games Del Bosco attended as a warm up to the Olympics. There he won gold in the ski cross final, leading a Canadian sweep of the medals with Dave Duncan and Brady Leman. This was the first time that the medals have been swept in a round other than by US athletes.
Del Bosco was a member of the Canadian team going to the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. He made the men's ski cross final, and was in strong position to win a bronze medal, but fell shortly before the finish line while trying to make a pass. After the race at a press conference Del Bosco had said that "Third, I guess it's all right for some people, but I wanted to give 100% for my sport, my country."
After his disappointing Olympics Del Bosco had surgery in May 2010. During the next season he achieved success at the Winter X Games when he won the silver medal in ski cross. Del Bosco then went on to the 2011 World Championships where he won his first World Championship. Del Bosco said of his victory that "This is a really special title to have, you only get the chance once every two years. I had some tough luck at the last world championships in Japan and then (last year's) Olympics, I was fourth in both of those events. I was kind of starting to wonder about these big events and I guess the third time is the charm. I managed to get it done this time."
The next season brought a continued gold rush for Del Bosco, with his third gold medal at a major competition in as many years. He went on to win the gold at the XVI Winter X Games finishing in first while teammate Duncan finished in third. Del Bosco was proud of his victory despite a world cup season with limited success, "It's amazing, this is my favourite event," said Del Bosco in a statement. "I have had an up and down season and this one was the big one on my list. So to come in and grab gold is pretty special."

Personal life
Del Bosco moved to Montreal in the spring of 2011. He also started competing in a second sport, downhill mountain biking.
Del Bosco began drinking alcohol and smoking marijuana regularly as a teenager. In December 2004, he blacked out in a creek bed after a drinking binge, breaking his neck. He survived because a stranger happened to see him. Del Bosco quit drinking in September 2006.

References
External links

National Team Profile
CTV Olympic Profile
Christopher Del Bosco at the International Ski and Snowboard Federation 
Christopher Del Bosco at the X Games (archived)
Christopher Del Bosco at Olympedia 
Christopher Del Bosco at Olympics.com 
Christopher Del Bosco at Team Canada

Title: Geranium albanum
Geranium albanum, the crested cranesbill or Albanian cranesbill, is a species of flowering plant in the family Geraniaceae, native to the Caucasus and northern Iran. A clumping perennial reaching 50 cm (20 in), the Royal Horticultural Society considers it a good plant to attract pollinators. There is a cultivar, 'Pink and Stripes'.

Notes


== References ==

Title: Yakhiel Sabzanov
Yakhiel (Yakub) Rafaelovich Sabzanov (Tajik: Якуб Рафаэлович Сабзанов; Russian: Яхиэль (Якуб) Рафаэлович Сабзанов) (February 20, 1929 – September 10, 2013) was a Soviet Bukharian composer of Bukharan Jewish descent.

Life
Yakhiel Sabzanov, a Bukharian Jew, was born in Dushanbe, and discovered his passion for music as a young boy in the early 1940's. His first teacher named Nasimjon Pulatov taught him how to play a folk instrument called gidzhak. As Sabzanov became more proficient in gidzhak, he started taking lessons in another folk instrument called tunbura, which is an ancient folk string instrument. His teacher was legendary Shashmakom expert Neryo Aminov, who was a singer and musician. In addition to those instruments, Sabzanov learned how to play a third stringed instrument called Rubabe from the Peoples Artist of Tajikistan Avner Mullokandov. In 1943, Sabzanov entered the music school located in S. Ayni Theater of Opera and Ballet taught by Nadezhda Andreyevna Budkevich, an Honored worker of Arts in Tajikistan. Sabzanov continued to study Gidzhak in Music School and learned under R. Shakhmurov. There he acquired the foundation of performance on a gidzhak. With the help of R. Shakhmurov the young student became a part of Tajik folk instrument orchestra.
In 1946, after successfully graduating from the music school, Sabzanov was transferred to a music college, specializing in gidjak and stringed instruments. His teachers included cellist Samuil Markovich Frenkel and a violinist Semyon Solomonovich Muravin. Simultaneously he studied composition under the direction of Alexander Stepanovich Lenskiy.
After completing a four-year music college program in just three years with honors, Sabzanov felt compelled to further his musical education. Following a letter from the Ministry of Culture of Tajikistan and successfully passing all exams, he gained admission to the Tashkent Conservatory class of 1955. Graduating with honors as an aspiring composer, Sabzanov's achievements continued to grow. In 1956, at the second convention of Tajikistan composers, he was accepted into the Association of Composers of the USSR and appointed as an administrative officer and secretary of the Association of Composers of Tajikistan.
In 1956, Sabzanov married the granddaughter of a former manufacturer from Kokand, Sara Babayevna Pinkhasova.
Sabzanov became one of the most distinguished and respected Tajik composers of the 20th century.

Compositions
Sabzanov's oeurve consists of more than 300 works, including opera, The Return (libretto by A. Shukukhi, 1967), opera Examination (libretto by F. Ansori, 1991), oratorio The Lights of Nurek (lyrics by A. Bakhori, 1978), Concerto for Piano and Orchestra (1955), Symphonic poem Homage to Rudaki, symphonic and vocal-symphonic poems The Lyric Pamir, Makom, The Cranes, My Century. Yakhiel Sabzanov created more than 100 songs and romances, cantatas, musical comedies and dramas, as well as film scores including famous song ba dilbar sung by Shoista Mullodzhanova. More than 100 of his works have been in print as sheet music by the publishers of Moscow, Leningrad, Kiev, Tashkent, and Dushanbe and issued as gramophone records by the Melodia Company. Sabzanov compiled a number of anthologies: Lakhuti in Music, Hafiz in Music, Songs and Romances by the Tajik Composers, Children Songs, A Reader of Tajik Composer's Symphonic Scores, and others.

Published Works
1954: "A Pamir Lyrical Song-Poem," in Collection of Pieces for the Violin and Piano. Edited by M.B. Reison. USSR State Publishers, Tashkent. 9 pages.
1956:"Mo Nasli Navras" (We Are the Young Generation), lyrics by A. Sidki;"Mekhnat Saodati Mo" (Labor Is Our Happiness), lyrics by U. Rajabov.Songs. "Prepare for the Festival," "For Peace and friendship". Republican House of People's Arts, Stalinabad.
1957: "Mo Nasli Navras" (We Are the Young Generation), lyrics by A. Sidki, translated by B. Kirilov; "Bakhori Orzui Mun" (The Spring of My Dreams), lyrics by B. Khoji; "Az Kadat Gardam" (I Am Conquered by You), lyrics by M. Farkhat, "Badekha" (Folk Songs), lyrics by I. Nivin. Surudcho. Songs.Kh. Mullokandov, music editor. Republican House of People's Arts, Stalinabad 9 pages
1958: "Didori Duston" (The Joy of Meeting Friends), lyrics by A. Rudaki. 1100th Anniversary of Rudaki. Kh, Mullokandov, music editor. Republican House of People's Arts. Fourth installment. Stalinabad. 5 pages.
1959: "Gunjilshkak" (Birdie), lyrics by U. Rajabov; "Obaki Shirini Mo" (Our Sweet Water), lyrics by M. Murshar; "Soli Nav" (New Year), lyrics by T Pulodi.Surud va Musiki. Song and Music for elementary and secondary schools. I. Rogalskiy, S. Sakhibov, E Shakhabov, compilers. State Educational Literature Publishers of the Ministry of Education of the Tadjik SSR Stalinabad. 3 pages.
1960: "Az Kadat Gardam" (I Am Enchanted by You); clavier of a song in Tajik and Russian. Tajikgosizdat, Stalinabad. 6 pages.
1961: "Didori Duston" (The Joy of Meeting Friends). Romance song. Translated by B. Kirillov. Songs and Romances to Lyrics from Rudaki. M. Tzvetayev, Z. Shakhidi, F. Shakhobov, compilers. Tajikgosizdat, Stalinabad. 3 pages.
1961: "Kishvari Mo" (Our Country), lyrics by Bobokhodja'. Translated by S.Bolotin. Folk melody modified by Y. Sabzanov. Amateur Performances.Kh. Mullokondov, music editor. The House of People's Arts, Stalinabad. 6pages.
1961: "Of Lenin." Taiik folk song modified by Y. Sabzanov. Amateur Performances. The House of People's Arts, Stalinabad. 1 page.
1962: "A Nightingale's Voice," original folk melody and lyrics modified by Y. Sabzanov. Translated by B. Popov. Tajik Folk Songs. Modified for voice or chorus and piano. Sovietskiy Compositor Publishing House, Moscow, J.5.5 pages.
1962: "Norak Myborak" (A Song about Nurek), lyrics by B. Rakhimzade.Tajikistan magazine, Dushanbe, January. 1 page.
1962:'To the Memory of Rudaki," a score of a symphonic poem. Sovietskiy Compozitor Publishing House, Moscow. 5,5 pages.
1962: "Zeboii Khaet" (The Reality of Life), clavier of a romance in Tajik and Russian. 3 songs. State Publishing House of Tajikistan, Dushanbe. 12 pages.

1962: "Surudhoi Liriki-Vatanparva( Lyrical-Patriotic Songs), clavier in Tajik and Russian. Three songs. State Publishing House of Tajikistan Dushanbe. 2.5 pages
1963: Two Dances for gidjak (or violin) and piano. Slate Publishing House of Dushanbe. 3 p.s.
1964: "Bachagoni Bakhlyor (Happy Childhood), lyrics by M. Farkhat. Translated by M. Fofanova. Songs. Song festival on a stadium, dedicated to the 40th anniversary of Tadjik SSR. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe,October. 1 page.
1967: Seven Short Pieces for the Piano, Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 5
1967: Lakhuti in Music, a clavier of over 30 songs and romances by Tajik and Uzbek composers, in Tajik and Russian. Includes three songs by Y. Sabzanov: "Peace Fighters' Song", "Heart's Plea", "Healing the Sour". Ateya Lakhuti and Yakhiel Sabzanov, compilers. Irfon Publishing House,Dushanbe. 26 p.s.
1968:"Dance Suite for a symphonic orchestra, a score. Sovietskiy Compozitor Publishing House, Moscow 6 p.s.
1969: "Darsy Rubob" (Training for Rubob). J. Obidov, author. Includes 10 works by Y.Sabzanov. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 2.5 p.s.
1970: "A Song of Youth", lyrics by F. Ansory, translated by M. Fofanova. Of Lenin, of Motherland. Vocal works for a voice accompanied by piano. Second installment. Muzika Publishing house Moscow. 6 pages.
1971: "Gafiz in music", clavier of about 30 songs and romances by Tajik com-posers, in Tajik. Includes two songs by Y. Sabzanov. Y. Sabzanov, com-piler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 13.5 p.s.
1971: "Dukhtary Tojikiston" (A Tajikistan Girl), "Yori Maschokhiyam" (My Sweetheart from Matcho), "Bakhor" (The Spring). Asarkhoyi bastakarony tojik. The Works by Tdjik composers for violin and piano. (I. Flisfeyder, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 5 pages.
1971: "Piano Works by Tajik Composers" for musical schools and colleges. R.Ayrapetyants, compiler. Includes 11 works by Y.Sabzanov. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe, 3 p.s.
1972: "Yory Jon" (A Bosom Friend. Translated in Russian by V. Kirilov, in Ukraine by V.Strutinsky. Tie folk song modified by Yakhiel Sabzanov. "Partiyayi jonojon " (To My Dear Party). Lyrics by A. Bakhory. Translated in Russian by L. Tatarenko, in Ukraine by V.Strutinsky. The Songs of Tajikistan. Sh. Sayfitdinov, compiler. Muzichna Ukraina Publishing House, Kiev. 8 pages.
1972: "Waltz", by O. Nazarov, Y.Sabzanov. "Savty roro", folk melody modified by Y.Sabzanov. The Works by Tajik composers for gidjak and piano. A. Muborakshoev, A. Toshmatov, compilers. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 5 pages.
1972: "Pamir Lyric Kushugi" (Pamir Lyric Song). Training for gidjak-viola. A.I. Davidov, compiler. Ukituvchi Publishing House, Tashkent. 2 p.
1972: "Songs", clavier (8 songs) in Russian. Sovetsky Compositor Publishing House, Moscow. 5,5 p.s.
1972: Tajik folk songs modified by Yakhiel Sabzanov translated by V.Kirillov:Yory jon" (A Bosom Friend), "Bakhory Dil" (The Spring of the Heart), "Kishvary Mo" (Our Country), "Dilangez" '(Emotion of the Heart), "Duchtary Pakhtachin" (A Girl, Cotton Picker); translated by Ts. Bonu: "Kuwayi Sulkh" (The Peace Forces), "Intizori Didor" (I am Waiting for My Girl), "Nozam" (I am Proud of My Darling). Surudhoi khalkiyi tochiki. Tajik Folk Songs. Sh. Sakhibov, I.Rogalsky, F.Shakhobov, M.Rakhimi, compil-ers. Volume 1, 1966; Volume 2, 1970; Volume 3, 1974. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 5 p.s.
1974: "Songs and Romances by Tajik Composers", clavier in Russian. Includes two songs and romance by Y. Sabzanov. Y.Sabzanov, compiler. Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 6,5 p.s.
1975: "Gunishkak" (Birdie), "Shukhi" (A Joke), "Ba Muallim" (To My Teacher), "Sarchash-mai Orzy" (The Source of Happiness), "Bachagoni Bakhtior" (The Happy Childhood), "Obaki Shirini Mo" (Our Sweetie Water), "Shirinzabonam" (My Smooth-Tongued Girl), "Soly Nav" (The New Year). Musical Dictations (based on Tajik melodies). For musical schools, colleges and Institute of Arts. J. Okhunov, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 2 pages.
1975: "Waltz", "A Sad Song", "A Playful Girl". Children Pieces for Piano by Tajik Composers. M.Gubaydulina and S. Kuznetsov, editors and compilers. Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 4 pages.
1975: "Songs by Tajik Composers" , clavier in Tajik. Includes four songs by Y.Sabzanov. Y.Sabzanov, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 18 p.s.
1976: "Ariyayi Sodik" (An Aria of Sadik), from the opera "Return". Vocal Works for a Tenor (Reader-book). A.Babakulov, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 2 p.s.
1976: "Collected Exercises in Vocalization" for high-pitched voice, clavier (A. Babakulov, co-author). Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 9 pages.
1976: "Pieces for Bayan by Tajik Composers", for musical schools. M. Davidov, compiler. Includes five works by Y.Sabzanov. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 6 pages.
1976: "Songs and Romances by Tajik Composers", clavier in Russian. Includes the poem "Cranes" by Y.Sabzanov. Y.Sabzanov, compiler. Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 6 p.s.
1977: "Children Pieces for Piano by Tajik Composers". M.Gubaydulina and S.Kuznetsov, compilers. Includes four works by Y. Sabzanov. Sovetsky Compositor Publishing House, Moscow. 5 pages.
1977: "Birdies Chat". M.Davidov , editor. Pieces for Bayan by Soviet Composers. A. Kostin and M. Chemberdin, compilers. Muzichna Ukraina Publishing House, Kiev. 2 pages.
1977: "Ariyayi Malokhat" (An Aria of Malokhat), from the opera "Return". Collected Vocal and Pedagogical Repertory by Tajik Composers. Khanifa Movlyanova, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 5 pages.
1977: "Songs for Children", clavier of more than 50 songs by Tajik composers. Includes nine songs by Y.Sabzanov. Y.Sabzanov, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 20 p.s.
1978: "To My Dear Party". Song – cantata, lyrics by F.Ansory, translated by M.Lapisov. Our Beloved Country. Choruses by Soviet composers. Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 1 p.s.
1978: "Return", an opera's clavier. Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 24,5 p.s.
1978: "The Lights of Nurek", an oratorio's clavier. Sovetsky Compositor Publishing House, Moscow,. 13 p.s.
1980: "Okhang" (A Melody). A folk melody modified by Y. Sabzanov. Melodies for Dutar. For musical schools and colleges. D. Erov, K.Kurbanov, compilers. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 0,5 p.s.
1980: "Rusiya – Tojikiston " (Russia – Tajikistan), lyrics by M.Farkhal. "Dushanbeyi Bakhoron" (Spring Dushanbe), lyrics by F.Ansory. "Ganchi kafi dekhkon" (Fruits of Peasant's Hands), lyrics by A.Sidki. Sozu Navoyi Buston (Songs and Melodies of a Flower Garden). J. Okhunov, compiler. House of People's Arts. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 2 p.s.
1981: Four Etudes. Etudes for Bayan, for different types of technique. Fourth remaked edition. A.F.Nechiporenko, V.V.Ugrinovich, editors and compil-ers. Muzichna Ukraina Publishing House, Kiev. 2 pages.
1982:Chorus from the opera "Return" ("Bozgasht"): Girls' Song from second scene. Soldiers* Song from fourth scene, Spring Song from seventh scene, Song of Happiness ("Shodi-shodi") from sixth scene. Choruses from Tajik Operas. K.Kharimov, I.Khromchenko, compilers. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 5,5 p.s.
1982: "My Sweetheart City", lyrics by F.Ansory, translated by V.Butenko. This is My Motherland. Songs of the Soviet Republics. For voice and chorus accompanied by piano (bayan and guitar). Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 0,5 p.s.
1982: "A Girls' Dance". Pieces for Piano. IADashkova, compiler. Fifteenth installment. Medium classes of the children musical school. Sovetsky Compositor Publishing House, Moscow. 1 page.
1983: "March". "Boloyi", Folk melodies modified by Y.Sabzanov. Training for rubab-prima. N.Abdulloev, A.Amonov, compilers. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 1 page.
1983: "Ba Mualin" (To MV Teacher), lyrics by F.Iskhoky. "Surudy Javony A song of Youth), lyrics by M. Tursun-Zade. Gulchiny Surudkho. Selected songs for amateur performances. Kh. Abdulloev, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 3 pages.
1983: "Darsi Gidjak" (Training for Gidjak) for musical schools and colleges. Kh. Diumaev and J. Okhunov, compilers. Includes three works by Y.Sabzanov. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 3 pages.
1984: "Fugue" E-minor (four-part). Fugues by Tajik Composers. A. Yadgarov, ed-tor and compiler. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 4 pages.
1984: "Raks" (A Dance). Training for Doyra. For musical schools and colleges. Sh. Fakhriev, compiler. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 2 pages.
1984: Reading-book of Symphonic Scores by Tajik Composers. First Part. String group. Educational supplies. Cultural Ministry, Dushanbe. 8 p.s.1985 "Raksy Liriki' (A Lyric Dance) from the opera 'Return". "Bakhory Mar" My Spring), fantasia. Music by T.Ulmasov, Y.Sabzanov. Melodies of Chang. For chang and piano. For musical schools and colleges. T. Ulmasov and Kh. Ruzadorov, compilers. Won Publishing House, Dushanbe. 2 p.s.
1985: Song of Malokhat from the opera "Return", lyrics by A.Shukukhy, translated by A.Berdnikov. Selected Arias of Operas by Soviet Composers. For soprano accompanied by piano. Pedagogical repertory. V.Aleksandrova, V.Teploukhova. Muzika Publishing House, Leningrad. 0,5 p.s.
1985: "Prelude C-minor", Waltz "Pakhta" (Cotton), "March". Collected Works by Tajik Composers, arrangement for bayan. Educational supplies. O. Y.Kayumov, compiler. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 2 p.s.
1985: "The Flower of Tulip". Folk melody modified by Y.Sabzanov. Pedagogical Repertory for Gidjak. (Educational supplies). N.Abdullaev, Kh. Djumaiv, compilers. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 2 pages.
1985: "Pieces for Piano", junior classes of the children musical school. D.Sakharova, compiler. Includes six works by Y.Sabzanov. Sovetsky Compositor Publishing House, Moscow. 6 pages.
1986: "Zamzamai ishk" (Glorifying Love), "Shirinzabonam" (My Smooth Girl). Works by Tajik Composers, for unaccompanied chorus. I. Dudukina, compiler. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 2 p.s.
1986: Reading-book of Symphonic Scores by Tajik Composers. Second Part. Transposition in the pitch of B and F. Educational supplies. Cultural Ministry, Dushanbe. 7,5 p.s.
1986: "Concerto for Piano with Symphony Orchestra", clavier. Irfon Publishing House, Dushanbe. 7,5 p.s.
1987: "A Pilot", lyrics by F.Iskhaki, translated by L. Dimova. Fifteen Sisters. Songs and poems for schoolchildren. Singing accompanied by piano. G. Nazaryan and E.Domrina, compilers. Muzika Publishing House, Moscow. 2 pages.
1987: "Chastukhezkunak" (A Skipping-Rope), "Ohang" (A Melody). Sozu Navoi Gidjak (Songs and Melodies of Gidjak). Kh. Djumaev, compiler. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 1 page.
1987: "Darie", lyrics by Kutbi Kirom. Taronakhoi Zamon (Contemporary Songs).
For amateur performances. Kh. Abdulloev, compiler. Adib Publishing House, Dushanbe. 1 page.

1987: "Pieces for Violin and Piano by Soviet Composers". Eighth installment.
Includes "Pamir Lyric Song-Poem" by Y.Sabzanov. Sovetsky Compositor 1988 "Romance" Publishing House, Moscow. 2 p.s.

1988: "Romance", "Pamir Lyric Song-Poem". Songs and Melodies of Gidjak. Pieces for gidjak and piano. Compiling and methodical instructions by A. Muborakshoev. Y. Sabzanov, musical editor. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 2 p.s.
1989: "Soly Nav" (New Year), lyrics by T.Pulodi; "Bachagoni bakhtier" (Happy Childhood), lyrics by M.Farkhat; "Mo Nasly Navras" (The Young Generation), lyrics by A.Sidki; "Sarchashmayi Orzu" The Source of Happiness), lyrics by M.Farkhat. Chorus Songs by Tajik Composers (Reading-book). D. Kuchkarov, compiler. Goscomizdat of Tajik SSR, Dushanbe. 1 p.s.
1989: "To the Memory of Rudaki", clavier of the symphonic poem. Cultural Ministry of Tajikistan, Dushanbe. 7,5 p.s.
1989: "Makom", clavier of the symphonic poem. Cultural Ministry of Tajikistan, Dushanbe. 7.5 p.s.
1989: "My Darling Tajikistan", clavier (songs for schoolchildren), 12 songs in Russian. Sovetsky Compositor Publishing House, Moscow. 6 p
1989: "Surudho Baroyi Maktabbachagon" (Schoolchildren Songs), clavier (29 songs). Maorif Publishing House, Dushanbe. 10 p.s.
1990: "Surudi Mo" (Our Song), clavier of the collection of songs (33 songs and romances). Alib Publishing House, Dushanbe. 20 p.s.
1991: Ensembles for Chang and Piano. Educational supplies. U. Khojiev. compil-er. Includes three works by Y. Sabzanov. Cultural Ministry of Tajikistan, Dushanbe. 4 pages.
1991: "Training for Badakhshan Rubab" by M.Barotov. M.Barotov, compiler. Includes five works by Y. Sabzanov. Adib Publishing House, Dushanbe. 4 pages.
1995: "Raks" (A Dance). Gijak Darsligi (Training for Gidiak). M. Tashmukhamedov, compiler. Ukituvchi Publishing House, Tashkent

Honors
Yakhiel Rafaelovich Sabzanov (born 1929 Dushanbe) Composer, musicologist, community activist member of the Union of Composers of the USSR (1956), recipient of the titles Honored Artist of Tajikistan (1974), People's Artist of Tajikistan (1989), professor, head of the Department of Composition, instrumentation and Score-reading of the Tajik Institute of Art (1977–1992), laureate and award winner of national and regional competitions of composers. He was twice elected as Executive and Deputy Secretary of the Tajik Composers' Union, had been a six time delegate to the All-Union Congresses of the USSR composers.

America
Yakhiel Sabzanov immigrated to the United States in 1992 with his wife, Sara and three children, Neyla, Arkadiy and Petr Sabzanov. In 1993 a fragment of his opera The Return was played by The New American Chamber Orchestra which was composed of Soviet refugees and conducted by Beth Cohen in Carnegie Hall . While in America Sabzanov put out two volumes entitled "Y. R. Sabzanov, Life in Music" (New York,1999, 2006).

Death
Yakhiel Rafaelovich Sabzanov died on September 10, 2013, in New York.


== References ==

Title: Nigel Le Vaillant
Nigel Le Vaillant (born 11 June 1958) is a British former actor who worked in BBC television drama during the 1990s. He rose to fame as Dr. Julian Chapman in Casualty and starred as Dr. Paul Dangerfield in Dangerfield.

Early life
Le Vaillant's English father moved to Pakistan after service during the Second World War, and worked in the tea plantation industry there, eventually becoming Chief Executive for Brooke Bond in South Asia. Le Vaillant was born in the country and raised in Karachi. The family returned to England, settling in Sussex when he was 16, although he regularly returned to Asia, especially India, in the following years. He was educated at Bryanston school in England and at St Peter's College, Oxford, although he later stated that, despite his outward appearance, he "never felt like a Westerner".

Acting career
Le Vaillant began acting soon after the family returned to England, although he initially struggled to find work in the industry and spent nine years unemployed. After short appearances, such as P.C. Miller in The Gentle Touch in 1980, he spent three series in the BBC One drama Casualty playing the character of Dr. Julian Chapman, before leaving to star as the title character in the prime-time BBC series Dangerfield. He left the production in 1997, having married former Casualty star Nicola Jeffries two years earlier. He also appeared in the short-lived sitcom Honey for Tea, and in the cinema film Tom's Midnight Garden, playing the adult Tom. His performance of Volpone at Oxford Playhouse(1980) was noted approvingly by William W E Slights in 'Ben Jonson and the Art of Secrecy'(1994)
Le Vaillant briefly returned to acting in 2009 to play British Prime Minister Edward Heath in the television drama Margaret.

Post acting life
Le Vaillant abandoned the acting profession in the early 2000s, being uneasy with the fame that comes with being a recognized figure on national television, and spends much of his time in Southern India where he is a property developer, while also maintaining a residence in Brixton, South London.

References
External links
Nigel Le Vaillant at IMDb

Title: Bill Beutel
William Charles Beutel1 (December 12, 1930 – March 18, 2006) was an American television reporter, journalist, and anchor. He was best known for working over four decades with the American Broadcasting Company, spending much of that time anchoring Eyewitness News for WABC-TV in New York City. He also was an ABC radio network newscaster before ABC Radio split into four networks in January 1968. After the split he reported on the American Contemporary Network and occasionally substituted for Paul Harvey, while his Eyewitness News partner Roger Grimsby presented a daily afternoon radio newscast on the American Entertainment Network.

Early life and career
After a stint in the Army, Beutel graduated from Dartmouth College and then studied law at the University of Michigan Law School, though he left without obtaining his degree. While Beutel was in law school, he wrote Edward R. Murrow a letter saying, "I very much wanted to be a radio journalist." Beutel received a letter back advising him to go to the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. His first broadcasting job was for WGAR in Cleveland, then joined WEWS-TV as a news editor and anchor in July 1959. Beutel moved to New York City in January 1960 as a newscaster for WCBS, the flagship for CBS Radio.

Television career
Beutel moved to ABC in October 1962 as a reporter with ABC News and as an anchor at the network's New York flagship, WABC-TV. WABC-TV built on its three-year ratings success with newscast Report to New York anchored by Scott Vincent, and expanded the format to a one-hour 6:00 p.m. newscast called The Big News. That expansion was not without risk, and the new format struggled in the ratings. Among the hundreds of famous personages who were interviewed by Beutel was the African American Muslim and black nationalist leader Malcolm X.2 Beutel left his WABC duties for two years in April 1968 to join ABC News full-time as their London bureau chief.
In 1970, he got a call from Al Primo, who had taken over as news director at WABC after Beutel left.  Primo had brought the Eyewitness News format, in which the reporters directly presented their stories, along with him from KYW-TV in Philadelphia. He wanted Beutel to return to New York as co-anchor alongside Roger Grimsby, whom Primo hired away from KGO-TV to serve as WABC-TV's main anchor. Primo remembered Beutel's solo anchor run in the early 1960s. Since Grimsby had already established a powerful presence after just two years in New York, Primo wanted a co-anchor "who could be his own man." Beutel assured Primo he could be. 
Beutel rejoined WABC-TV in September 1970 as Grimsby's co-anchor on Eyewitness News. The two worked together for 16 years, most of which was spent going back and forth with WCBS-TV for first place in the New York ratings. In January 1975, Beutel was reassigned by ABC News and became the co-host, along with Stephanie Edwards, of a new morning show called AM America. This show, ABC's first attempt at a morning news program to compete with NBC's Today and CBS's combination of network news and Captain Kangaroo, lasted ten months on the air.
AM America was replaced on November 3, 1975 by Good Morning America, originally anchored by David Hartman and Nancy Dussault. Beutel returned to WABC-TV and Eyewitness News, though he maintained a presence on the network as the anchor of its 15-minute late newscasts on Saturday and Sunday nights through the late 1970s.
The reformed Grimsby-Beutel team kept Eyewitness News on top of the ratings through the middle 1980s, when it briefly fell to last place. Though the ratings drop was mostly associated with ABC-TV's poor primetime performance during that time, it led to Grimsby's firing in 1986. Within a year, WABC-TV had shot back to first place and has been the ratings leader in New York ever since. After Grimsby's firing, Beutel was joined at 6:00 p.m. by Kaity Tong and John Johnson in a rotating anchor arrangement and was permanently joined by Johnson beginning in 1988.
In 1990 Beutel began a long stint anchoring the 6 p.m. news alone, which ended when his 11 p.m. co-anchor Diana Williams joined him in 1999. He would close each broadcast with a brief commentary on the issues covered that day.
Beutel returned to the 11 p.m. Eyewitness News in 1989 after Ernie Anastos left to join WCBS and was originally paired with then-longtime co-anchor Kaity Tong. After Tong left WABC in 1991 Beutel anchored with Susan Roesgen for one year, but the pairing was unsuccessful and in 1992 Roesgen was replaced by Diana Williams. 
Beutel left the 11:00 p.m. newscast in 1999 and was replaced by ABC News correspondent Bill Ritter. In 2001 Ritter also replaced Beutel as the 6 p.m. anchor, and Beutel spent the final two years of his career serving as a senior correspondent and occasional commentator; he would also continue to comment on the issues at the close of the 6 p.m. newscast, which became its own segment titled "Final Thought".
Beutel retired from television in February 2003, having served as an anchor at WABC-TV for a total of 37 years—giving him the longest run in New York television history, until he was surpassed by Rafael Pineda, who has been anchor at Spanish-language station WXTV since 1972. Beutel remained the longest-serving anchor at an English-language station in New York City until April 2011, when he was surpassed by WNBC's Chuck Scarborough. His trademark sign-off was "Good luck, be well".

Personal life
Beutel was married four times. His first marriage was to Gail Wilder, which lasted twenty years and gave Beutel his four children, son Peter and daughters Robin, Colby, and Heather. In 1975, he married actress Lynn Deerfield (1950-2011), twenty years his junior, but the marriage was brief. In 1977, Beutel's third marriage, lasted four months. In 1980, Beutel married Adair Atwell, a former tobacco industry lobbyist.

Death
Following his retirement, Beutel moved to North Carolina with his wife. A short while later, he was found to have a degenerative brain condition that was eventually diagnosed as Lewy body dementia. The condition progressed and he died on March 19, 2006 at the age of 75.
Beutel was survived by his wife Adair, as well as his former wives, and his four children from his first marriage. His son Peter, a businessman and energy sector analyst, died of a heart attack in March 2012.

See also
New Yorkers in journalism

References
Notes
^1  Ritter, Bill (2006-03-19). "Remembering Bill Beutel". WABC-TV. Archived from the original on 21 March 2006. Retrieved 2006-03-19. Note: When Beutel was hired at WABC-TV, the news director did not like the sound of his last name, . He asked him to change the pronunciation to .
^2  Haley, Alex (1965). The Autobiography of Malcolm X. New York: Grove. pp. 414–415. ISBN 0-345-37671-4.

External links
Bill Beutel at IMDb
ABC News' "Time Tunnel" page containing clips of numerous newscasts on which Beutel appeared

Title: Spalding Club
The Spalding Club was the name of three successive antiquarian and text publication societies founded in Aberdeen, which published scholarly editions of texts and archaeological studies relevant to the history of Aberdeenshire and its region. The clubs were named after the 17th-century historian John Spalding.

First club
The original club was founded by Joseph Robertson (1810–1866) in 1839, and included among its members Cosmo Innes and John Stuart. Stuart served as secretary and was editor of many of the works published. 38 quarto volumes appeared in the club's main numbered series, as well as another six volumes uniform with but not part of that series. Its last volume appeared in 1871. Seventeen of these volumes were edited by John Stuart: his more important works included Sculptured Stones of Scotland (1856 and 1867), a highly valued work of antiquarian reference; and The Book of Deer (1869), an edition of an important manuscript Gospel Book held at one time at the abbey of Deer.

Second club
The New Spalding Club was founded at Aberdeen in 1886. Its founders included Alexander Forbes Irvine FRSE. It published 45 volumes in its numbered series, and another seven uniform with but not part of that series. Its last volume appeared in 1924. The Secretary from its founding was Peter John Anderson (1853–1926), Librarian of the University of Aberdeen.

Third and final club
The Third Spalding Club was founded in 1928. It published 22 volumes, ceasing publication in 1960.

References
Further reading
Simpson, W. Douglas (1940). "The Three Spalding Clubs: a century in retrospect". Third Spalding Club Miscellany. Vol. 2. Aberdeen: Third Spalding Club. pp. xiii–xxxii.
Witherington, Donald J. (1971–1972). "Aberdeen antiquaries: the founding of the Spalding Club in 1839". Aberdeen University Review. 44: 42–55.

External links
"Internet Archive Search: creator:"Spalding Club, Aberdeen"". Internet Archive. Retrieved 28 November 2010.

Title: Edmund Walrond
Edmund Walrond (1655–1708), of Bovey, Seaton, Devon, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Honiton in 1685 and 1689.


== References ==

Title: 1965 Australian Grand Prix
The 1965 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race held at the Longford Circuit in Tasmania, Australia on 1 March 1965. It was open to Racing Cars complying with the Australian National Formula or the Australian 11⁄2 Litre Formula. It was the 30th Australian Grand Prix.
The race, which had 18 starters, was the seventh and final round of the 1965 Tasman Series and round two of the 1965 Australian Drivers' Championship. It was the last Australian Grand Prix to be held at the Longford Circuit. Bruce McLaren won the race, his second and last Australian Grand Prix victory. Australian driver Rocky Tresise was killed in a second lap accident in which photographer Robin D'Abrera also died.

Classification
Notes
Pole position: Bruce McLaren – 2'20.3 (The grid was set from lap times recorded in a ten lap qualifying race on the Saturday)
Fastest lap: Jack Brabham – 2'18.0 (117.4 mph) – New record


== References ==

Title: Live at Montreux 1986
Live at Montreux 1986 is a concert video release by the English band Talk Talk of a concert at 1986 Montreux Jazz Festival. The show was part of a tour that started in April 1986 to promote the band's recent album The Colour of Spring, and was to be their only appearance at Montreux, from their last tour. The video captures Talk Talk at the peak of their career.
For this tour, the usual trio of Mark Hollis (vocals), Paul Webb (bass), and Lee Harris (drums) was augmented by John Turnbull on guitar (who plays a Fender Stratocaster and Telecaster, as well as an electroacoustic guitar), two percussionists and two keyboardists. As often, de facto fourth band member Tim Friese-Greene did not play on stage with the band.

Critical response
Bill Gibron, at DVD Talk, highly recommends the DVD, praising its "solid set list matched by equally effortless performance." He calls it "an excellent way to get introduced to one of the '80s best, and most baffling, acts." A German reviewer at Music Headquarter praises singer Mark Hollis for his charismatic performance and the band for their jazzy variations and improvisations. A reviewer at the German MSN website was less positive about Hollis' performance and appearance, complaining about the singer's well-known introversion and his penchant for hiding behind sunglasses, as well as the backdrop (Montreux's design was in the hands of Keith Haring in 1986) and the 1980s clothes worn by the band.

Track listing
"Talk Talk" – 3:08
"Dum Dum Girl" – 3:44
"Call in the Night Boy" – 6:55
"Tomorrow Started" – 7:38
"My Foolish Friend" – 4:45
"Life's What You Make It" – 4:37
"Mirror Man / Does Caroline Know?" – 8:11
"It's You" – 4:02
"Chameleon Day / Living in Another World" – 7:55
"Give It Up" – 5:39
"It's My Life" – 6:52
"I Don't Believe in You" – 6:05
"Such a Shame" – 8:45
"Renée" – 7:53

Personnel
Talk Talk
Mark Hollis – lead vocals
Paul Webb – bass, backing vocals
Lee Harris – drums
Additional members
John Turnbull – guitars, backing vocals
Ian Curnow – synthesizers, organ, programming, piano
Rupert Black – synthesizers, electric piano, drum machine
Phil Reis – percussion
Leroy Williams – percussion


== References ==

Title: National Register of Historic Places listings in Oakland County, Michigan
The following is a list of Registered Historic Places in Oakland County, Michigan.
          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted March 14, 2025.

Former listings
See also
List of Michigan State Historic Sites in Oakland County, Michigan
List of National Historic Landmarks in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places listings in Michigan
Listings in neighboring counties: Genesee, Lapeer, Livingston, Macomb, Washtenaw, Wayne


== References ==

Title: Thimothée Lo-Tutala
Thimothée Jacques Orcel Lo-Tutala (born 13 February 2003) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Crawley Town on loan from EFL Championship club Hull City.

Early life
Born in Gonesse, Paris, France, Lo-Tutala grew up in Essex in England.

Club career
Lo-Tutala spent his early career with West Ham United, Brentford and Tottenham Hotspur. After leaving Tottenham in the summer of 2022, he signed for Hull City in August 2022.
In April 2023 he signed an emergency loan with Stevenage, making his senior debut on 7 April 2023, and becoming the seventh goalkeeper to play for Stevenage in the 2022–23 season.
On 1 February 2024, Lo-Tutala moved on loan to Doncaster Rovers for the rest of the 2023–24 season.
On 11 September 2024, Lo-Tutala signed a contract extension with Hull City keeping him at the club until 2028.
On 21 March 2025, Lo-Tutala joined League One side Crawley Town on a seven-day emergency loan.

International career
Lo-Tutala is a France youth international, and by August 2022 he had 14 caps for their under-19 team. In June 2022, he was included in the French squad that took part in the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, where the Bleuets reached the semi-finals before losing to eventual runners-up Israel. He was called up to the France U20s for the 2023 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

References
External links
Thimothée Lo-Tutala at WorldFootball.net

Title: Sedan, Nebraska
Sedan is an unincorporated community in Nuckolls County, Nebraska, United States.

History
A post office was established at Sedan in 1906, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1951. It was named after Sedan, in France.


== References ==

Title: Shaikh Zayed Hospital
Shaikh Zayed Hospital, Lahore (Urdu: شیخ زید ہسپتال لاہور) is a tertiary care Hospital located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is attached with Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al-Nahyan Medical and Dental College as a teaching hospital and is part of Shaikh Zayed Medical Complex Lahore.

History
The hospital was started as a donation from Shaikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan and people of United Arab Emirates. It was commissioned on 8 September 1986.
In 2010, a liver transplant center was established at the hospital.

Facilities Available
Accident & Emergency 24/7
Department of General Surgery and Surgical Oncology (Providing a complete range of General Surgical and Cancer Surgery Services for all Solid Organ Cancers)
Liver Transplantation
Renal Transplantation and Renal Haemodialysis.
Central Intensive Care Unit (ICU) with Central Oxygen and Suction System
Coronary Care Unit (CCU) Facilities
Angiography, Angioplasty, Cardiac Bypass, Heart Valves Replacement and all sorts of Cardiac Operations and procedures
Physiotherapy and Manual therapy on both indoor and outdoor basis
Radio Isotope Cardiology, Thallium Scan, Echocardiography
Radiotherapy
Latest Physiotherapy Equipment, Rehabilitation Center and Orthopaedic Workshop
Neuroangiography, Electromyography (EMG), Electroencephalography (EEG) and all kind of sophisticated Neurosurgical operations
Operations of Plastic Surgery and cosmetology Lip Augmentation, Rhioplasty)
Operations of Fascio-maxillary, Jaw and Dental Surgery
All kinds of Orthopaedic Operations
All kind of Eye and Otorhinolaryngology Operations
Surgical Operations of all kind for neonates, children, young and old patients
Rheumatology Dept. The first dedicated indoor facility for patients suffering from auto-immune disease was inaugurated at Shaikh Zayed Hospital Lahore on Wednesday 14-Mar-2017.

References
External links
Official Website

Title: Atomix (restaurant)
Atomix is a Korean fine dining restaurant in NoMad, New York City. The restaurant consists of two floors; the main "Chef's Counter" downstairs and the bar upstairs each with their own separate prix-fixe menus with both being reservation only. Along with the Atomix, the same group NA-EUN/나은 Hospitality also runs the sister restaurant Atoboy along with Naro and Seoul Salon. The restaurant is known for its particularly difficult reservations among other NYC restaurants.

Awards and accolades
Atomix was awarded 2 Michelin Stars in 2021.
In 2023, Atomix was named number 8 on the list of The World's 50 Best Restaurants in 2023. That same year, the restaurant's Chef Junghyun "JP" Park won the James Beard Award award for New York State's best chef. That same year, 
In his 2024 ranking of the best 100 restaurants in New York City,  The New York Times' restaurant critic Pete Wells placed Atomix fourth.

See also
List of Korean restaurants
List of Michelin starred restaurants in New York City


== References ==

Title: Henry Wittenberg
Henry Wittenberg (September 18, 1918 – March 9, 2010) was an American New York police officer, coach, competitor and Olympic champion in freestyle wrestling. He won two Olympic medals in freestyle wrestling (1948 and 1952), becoming the first American wrestler since 1908 to achieve this feat.  After Army service in the early 1940s, he served with commendations as a New York City Police Officer until around 1954, worked as an instructor and college wrestling coach at Yeshiva and then City College of New York from 1967 to 1979, competed in, coached, and helped to organize the Maccabiah Games, and served as an American Olympic coach in 1968 at Mexico City.

Biography
Wittenberg was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. At Jersey City's William L. Dickinson High School, he remarkably did not partake in wrestling, the sport in which he would excel in college and later life, but swam and played chess. He captained his high school chess team, leading it to a New Jersey county championship.

College
As a student at City College of New York he did not consider himself athletic, but the wrestling coach Joe Sapora introduced him to the sport and he took to it quickly. By his junior year, he was placing in prestigious college tournaments. In 1939, the year he graduated with a degree in education, he was the co-captain of the CCNY wrestling team together with Stanley Graze. In 1939, he was also the runner-up at the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) 174 pound championship.

Wrestling highlights
With World War II canceling the Olympics in the early 1940s, Wittenberg served in the military, working as a hand-to-hand combat instructor in the Army.  Unlike many wrestlers of his era, he effectively used weight-lifting to increase his strength during his career, though it was counter to the advice of many coaches.  In the twelve years between 1938 and 1952, he entered eight National AAU freestyle tournaments and won eight non-consecutive championships, representing the West Side YMCA of New York and later the Police Sports Association. During an era when wrestling was peaking in popularity in the Northeast, Wittenberg received second place at the AAU tournament in 1940 in the 175 pound class, and won or placed highly in the tournament in 1941, 1943, 1944, 1946, 1947, 1948 and 1952, competing primarily in the 191 pound weight class.
He took a break from wrestling after the 1948 Olympics, but returned to the sport in 1951 hoping to qualify for the 1952 Olympics.  Nearly undefeated, between 1939 and 1951 he wrestled and won nearly 300 matches in a row. In the first Israeli Maccabiah games in 1950 and again in 1953, he won gold medals in the freestyle heavyweight class and subsequently retired in 1953.

Gold and Silver Olympic medals
He entered the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, wrestling at the weight class 191.5 pounds. Wittenberg was undefeated in five straight matches prior to receiving his gold medal.  In the semifinals, he tore muscle tendons in his chest. His coach did not want him to wrestle in the finals, but Wittenberg was stubborn and wrestled anyway, eventually winning the gold medal match. When he returned to the Bronx, he received a hero's welcome.  He subsequently took a break from wrestling competition until 1951, when he began training for the 1952 Olympics.
Four years after his first Olympics despite having trained only a year after a long time off, Wittenberg competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki as the returning champion. He again reached the final match, though he lost to Swede Wiking Palm, receiving the silver medal rather than the gold and breaking a long winning streak. He became the first American wrestler since 1908 to earn two Olympic medals. The defeat, impressively was only the third of his career.

Professional and civic life
Wittenberg had a successful professional career outside of competing as an athlete. He earned a master's degree in health education at the Teachers College, Columbia University. Shortly after completing his education, around 1941 he became an officer in the New York City Police Department, winning five commendations for bravery while on the force.  He married in June 1941. He returned to the force after his military service in the 1940s.  After leaving the police force in 1954 with the rank of Detective Sergeant, he worked in a more lucrative position in the printing industry in Manhattan, where he continued to work until 1967. He was actively involved in the Police Sports Association as well as becoming involved in the establishment of the Maccabiah Games, which are held every four years for Jewish athletes around the world.

Coaching
In 1959, he served as the U.S. National Team Wrestling Coach which competed in Russia. He coached the collegiate level wrestlers at Yeshiva University from 1959 to 1967 and taught physical education and coached wrestling at his alma mater City College of New York from 1967 to 1979.  In 1964, he wrote a best-selling book titled Isometric Exercises in 1964 that has endured through five printings. Around 1979, he retired and moved to Somers, New York.
Impressively, he coached the 1968 Olympic team in Mexico City. Attending the Olympics that year, he was next door to the Israeli wrestling athletes who were killed by terrorists in the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich.
He died in March 2010 at his home in Somers, New York.  He was survived by a daughter, Susan and a son, Michael.

Honors
Wittenberg was the first inductee to the CCNY Alumni Varsity Association Hall of Fame, and was elected into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame in 1977.
From 1995 to 2015, Yeshiva University held an annual wrestling tournament named in his honor for Yeshiva high schools across the country. Yeshiva cancelled the wrestling program in 2015, and the tournament is now hosted by the Yeshiva Wrestling Association at The Frisch School in Paramus, NJ.
Wittenberg was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame and Museum on March 21, 1993, recognizing his gold medal-winning performances at the 1950 Maccabiah Games (in heavyweight freestyle) and the 1953 Maccabiah Games.

See also
List of select Jewish wrestlers


== References ==

Title: Temnora bouyeri
Temnora bouyeri is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.


== References ==

Title: Mohamed Kamouna
Mohamed Kamouna (Arabic:محمد كمونة; born 13 June 1969), is a retired Egyptian footballer

Honours
Club
Zamalek SC
9 Titles with El Zamalek:

Egyptian Premier League:  2000-01, 2002-03
Egypt Cup:  1998–99, 2001–02
Egyptian Super Cup:  2001, 2002
CAF Champions League:  2002
African Cup Winners' Cup:2000
CAF Super Cup: 2003

References


== External links ==

Title: Akka Mahadevi
Akka Mahadevi (c. 1130–1160) was an early poet of Kannada literature and a prominent member of the Lingayatism founded in the 12th century. Her 430 vachanas (a form of spontaneous mystical poems), and the two short writings called Mantrogopya and the Yogangatrividh are considered her known contributions to Kannada literature. The term Akka ("elder sister" or "mother") was an honorific given to her by saints such as Basavanna, Siddharama,  and Allamaprabhu as an indication of her high place in the spiritual discussions held at the "Anubhava Mantapa". She is regarded to be a major female figure in Kannada literature and in the history of Karnataka. She considered the god Shiva ('Chenna Mallikarjuna') as her husband (traditionally understood as the 'madhura bhava' or 'madhurya' form of devotion).

Biography
Akka Mahadevi was born in Udutadi, near Shivamogga in the Indian state of the  Karnataka around 1130. Some scholars suggest that she was born to a couple named Nirmalshetti and Sumati, who were both devotees of Parama Shiva. Western sources claim that little is known about her life, though it has been the subject of Indian hagiographic, folk and mythological claims, based on oral tradition and her own lyrics. One of her lyrics, for instance, appears to record her experiences of leaving her place of her birth and family in order to pursue Shiva.
Tharu and Lalita also document a claim that a local Jain king named Kaushika sought to marry her, but that she rejected him, choosing instead to fulfil the claims of devotion to the deity Para Shiva. However, the medieval sources that form the basis of this account are ambiguous and inconclusive. They include a reference to one of her poems, or vachanas, in which she lays down three conditions for marrying the king, including control over the choice to spend her time in devotion or in conversation with other scholars and religious figures, rather than with the king. The medieval scholar and poet Harihara suggests in his biography of her that the marriage was purely nominal, while other accounts from Camasara suggest that the conditions were not accepted and the marriage did not occur.
Harihara's account goes on to say that when King Kaushika violated the conditions she had laid down, Akka Mahadevi left the palace, renouncing all her possessions including clothes, to travel to Srisailam, home of the god Parama Shiva. Alternative accounts suggest that Akka Mahadevi's act of renunciation was a response to the king's threats after she refused his proposal. It is likely that she visited the town of Kalyana en route, where she met two other poets and prominent figures of the Lingayat movement, Allama and Basava. She is believed to have travelled, towards the end of her life, to the Srisailam mountains, where she lived as an ascetic and eventually died. A vachana attributed to Akka Mahadevi suggests that towards the end of her life King Kaushika visited her there, and sought her forgiveness.

History
She is considered by modern scholars to be a prominent figure in the field of female emancipation. A household name in Karnataka, she wrote that she was a woman only in name and that her mind, body, and soul belonged to Shiva. During a time of strife and political uncertainty in the 12th century, she chose spiritual enlightenment and stood by her choice. She took part in convocations of the learned such as the Anubhavamantapa in Kalyana (now Basava Kalyana) to debate philosophy and enlightenment (or Moksha, termed by her as "arivu"). In search for her soul mate Lord Shiva, she made animals, flowers and birds her friends and companions, rejecting family life and worldly attachment.
Akka's pursuit of enlightenment is recorded in poems of simple language but intellectual rigour. Her poetry explores the rejection of mortal love in favour of the love of God. Her vachanas also talk about the methods that the path of enlightenment demand of the seeker, such as killing the 'I', conquering desires and the senses and so on.
Kausika belonged to the Jain community, that was wealthy and resented by the rest of the population. She rejected her life of luxury to live as a wandering poet-saint, travelling throughout the region and singing praises to her Lord Shiva. She went in search of fellow seekers or sharanas because the company of the saintly or sajjana sanga is believed to hasten learning. She found the company of such sharanas in Basavakalyana, Bidar district and composed many vachanas in praise of them. Her non-conformist ways caused consternation in the conservative society of the time: even her guru Allama Prabhu faced difficulties in including her in the gatherings at Anubhavamantapa.
An ascetic, Mahadevi is said to have refused to wear any clothing. Legend has it that due to her true love and devotion with God her whole body was protected by hair.
All the sharnas of Anubhavamantapa, especially Basavanna, Chenna Basavanna, Kinnari Bommayya, Siddharama, Allamaprabhu and Dasimayya greet her with a word "Akka". In fact it is here onwards that she becomes Akka, an elderly sister. Allama shows her the further way of attaining the transcendent bliss of union with Lord Chenna Mallikarjuna. Akka leaves Kalyana with this following vachana:

In the first phase of her life she renounced worldly objects and attractions; in the second, she discarded all object-based rules and regulations. In the third phase she began her journey towards Srishila, location of the temple to Chenna Mallikarjuna and a holy place for devotees of Shiva since before the 12th century. Akka's spiritual journey ended at Kadali, the thick forest area of Shrisaila (Srisailam) where she is supposed to have experienced union (aikya) with Chennamallikarjuna.
One of her famous vachana translates as:

Her poetry exhibits her love for Chenna Mallikarjuna, and harmony with nature and simple living.
She sang:

Works
Akka Mahadevi's works, like many other Bhakti movement poets, can be traced through the use of her ankita, or the signature name by which she addressed the figure of her devotion. In Akka Mahadevi's case, she uses the name Chennamallikarjuna to refer to the god Shiva. The name Chennamallikarjuna can be variously translated, but the most well-known translation is by the scholar and linguist A.K. Ramanujan, who interprets it as 'Lord, white as jasmine'. A more literal translationn would be 'Mallika's beautiful Arjuna', according to Tharu and Lalita.
Based on the use of her ankita, about 350 lyric poems or vachanas are attributed to Akka Mahadevi. Her works frequently use the metaphor of an illicit, or adulterous love to describe her devotion to Chennamallikarjuna (Shiva). The lyrics show Akka Mahadevi actively seeking a relationship with Chennamallikarjuna (Shiva), and touches on themes of abandonment, carnal love and separation.
The direct and frank lyrics that Akka Mahadevi wrote have been described as embodying a "radical illegitimacy" that re-examines the role of women as actors with volition and will, behaving in opposition to established social institutions and mores. At times she uses strong sexual imagery to represent the union between the devotee and the object of devotion. Her works challenge common understandings of sexual identity; for instance, in one vachana she suggests that creation, or the power of the god Shiva, is masculine, while all of creation, including men, represent the feminine: "I saw the haughty master, Mallikarjuna/for whom men, all men, are but women, wives". In some vachanas, she describes herself as both feminine and masculine.
Akka Mahadevi's works, like those of many other female Bhakti poets, touch on themes of alienation: both from the material world, and from social expectations and mores concerning women. Seeing relationships with mortal men as unsatisfactory, Akka Mahadevi describes them as thorns hiding under smooth leaves, untrustworthy. About her mortal husband she says "Take these husbands who die, decay - and feed them to your kitchen fires!". In another verse, she expresses the tension of being a wife and a devotee as

Translations and legacy
A. K. Ramanujan first popularised the vachanas by translating them into a collection called Speaking of Siva. Postcolonial scholar Tejaswini Niranjana criticised these translations as rendering the vachanas into modern universalist poetry ready-to-consume by the West in Siting Translation (1992). Kannada translator Vanamala Vishwanatha is currently working on a new English translation, which may be published as part of the Murty Classical Library.
Akka Mahadevi continues to occupy a significant place in culture and memory, with roads and universities named after her. In 2010, a bas relief dating to the 13th century was discovered near Hospet in Karnataka, and is believed to be a depiction of Akka Mahadevi.

See also
Haralayya
Kuvempu

References
External links

"Songs of Shiva Akka Mahadevi" translated by Vinaya Chaitanya

Title: Jim Jackson (musician)
Jim Jackson (June 1876 – December 18, 1933) was an American blues and hokum singer, songster, and guitarist, whose recordings in the late 1920s were popular and influential on later musicians.

Biography
Jackson was born in Hernando, Mississippi. The researchers Bob Eagle and Eric LeBlanc date his birth as 1876, but other sources give 1884 or 1890. He was raised on a farm, where he learned to play guitar. Around 1905 he started working as a singer, dancer, and musician in medicine shows and played at dances and parties, often with other local musicians, such as Gus Cannon, Frank Stokes and Robert Wilkins. He soon began travelling with the Rabbit Foot Minstrels, featuring Ma Rainey and Bessie Smith, and other minstrel shows.
He also played in clubs on Beale Street in Memphis, Tennessee. His popularity and proficiency secured him a residency at the prestigious Peabody Hotel in Memphis in 1919. Like Lead Belly, Jackson knew hundreds of songs, including blues, ballads, vaudeville numbers, and traditional tunes, and became a popular attraction.
In 1927 the talent scout H. C. Speir obtained for him a recording contract with Vocalion Records. On October 10, 1927, he recorded "Jim Jackson's Kansas City Blues", which became a best-seller.  Its melody and lyrics can be traced in many later blues and rock and roll songs, including "Rock Around the Clock" and "Kansas City". Following this hit Jackson recorded a series of "Kansas City" follow-ups and soundalikes. Other artists recorded cover versions of the song (including William Harris in 1928) and reworked it (as Charlie Patton did, changing it to "Gonna Move to Alabama.") Jackson moved to Memphis in 1928 and made a series of further recordings, including the comic medicine show song "I Heard the Voice of a Pork Chop". He also appeared in King Vidor's all-black 1929 film Hallelujah!, though it is unclear what role he played.
Jackson ran the Red Rose Minstrels, a travelling medicine show which toured Mississippi, Arkansas and Alabama. As a talent scout for Brunswick Records, he discovered Rufus "Speckled Red" Perryman, gaining him his first recording session. Shortly afterwards, in February 1930, Jackson recorded his last session. He later moved back to Hernando and continued to perform until his death in 1933. A tombstone was installed at Jackson's previously unmarked grave in 2023.

Legacy
Janis Joplin later recorded a version of "Kansas City Blues", inserting the lyrics "Babe, I'm leavin', yeah I'm a-leavin' this mornin' / Goin' to Kansas City to bring Jim Jackson home".
Jackson was a major influence on the Chicago bluesman J. B. Lenoir. Jackson's "Kansas City Blues" was a regular fixture of Robert Nighthawk's concert set list. Brownie McGhee said "Kansas City Blues" was "the first tune that I ever learned to play." (Seattle Folklore Society video).
The song "Wild About My Lovin'" was covered by the Lovin' Spoonful and released on their 1965 debut album, Do You Believe in Magic.

See also
List of blues musicians
First rock and roll record

Recommended recording
Jim Jackson Vols. 1–2 (Document Records)

References
External links
Biography
Jim Jackson discography at Discogs

Title: Fran's Valentine
Fran's Valentine (1982 – October, 2007) was a Thoroughbred racehorse filly, who, in 1985 as a three-year-old, won the Graded stakes races the Hollywood Oaks, Kentucky Oaks and Santa Susana Stakes. Trained by Joseph Manzi, she was the first filly to win both the Kentucky Oaks and Hollywood Oaks. Her lifetime earnings were $1,375,465, and she had 13 wins from 34 races.
Fran's Valentine was bred at Green Thumb Farm Stables, in Chino, California by Earl Scheib, an entrepreneur who made his fortune in discounted car paint. Both of Fran's Valentine's parents, her dam Iza Valentine, and her sire, Saros, were owned by Scheib. Scheib named Fran's Valentine after his wife Fran; the filly was his favourite horse.

Racing career
In November 1984, as a two-year-old, Fran's Valentine was first over the line in the inaugural Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies at Hollywood Park. Although she finished first by half a length, Fran's Valentine was relegated to tenth after stewards judged that she had bumped another horse at the top of the back stretch. The decision moved her jockey, Pat Valenzuela, to tears. Scheib, who was well known for starring in television commercials promoting his discount car-painting business, was asked why he was still smiling in the commercial that aired just after the race; his questioner had not realized that the commercial had been recorded in advance. Fernando Toro, the jockey of Pirate's Glow who was bumped during the race, said he could have been killed, and criticized Valenzuela's riding. The win was awarded to Outstandingly, the filly that was second across the line.
On March 2, 1985, Fran's Valentine won the Las Virgenes Stakes at Santa Anita to win $77,150. Later that month, ridden by Pat Valenzuela, she won the Grade I Santa Susana Stakes by two and a half lengths, earning $122,100. Her next race, in May 1985, was the Kentucky Oaks. Fran's Valentine was the first filly that her trainer, Joe Manzi, had entered into the Oaks, and she won in a record time for the track, again ridden by Valenzuela. The track was hard, her preferred type of surface.
In July 1985, Fran's Valentine won the Hollywood Oaks by a head over Magnificent Lindy; this was her fifth stakes victory in six starts. Chris McCarron rode her to this victory in a record time for the track of 1:47.25. In preparation for the Breeders' Cup Distaff, Fran's Valentine defeated her male counterparts in the Yankee Valor Handicap at Santa Anita Park. Her winnings were $93,300, with an additional Breeders Cup award of $27,000.
In August 1986, she won the Grade II Chula Vista Handicap on a track that was hard, and in 1987 she won the Santa Maria Handicap (Grade II).

Retirement and stud
After racing, Fran's Valentine became a broodmare; six of her ten foals became winners, including With Anticipation, a Grade I winning horse who earned over $2.6 million in his career. After having her third foal, she was bought by George W. Strawbridge Jr.
Fran's Valentine was retired to Derry Meeting Farm, Cochranville, Pennsylvania, where she lived until she was euthanized at the age of 25 due to infirmities of old age.


== References ==

Title: Slyudyanka (inhabited locality)
Slyudyanka (Russian: Слюдянка) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia:

Urban localities
Slyudyanka, a town in Slyudyansky District of Irkutsk Oblast; 51°39′24′′N 103°43′07′′E
Rural localities
Slyudyanka, Altai Krai, a selo in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet of Ust-Kalmansky District in Altai Krai; 51°52′24′′N 83°39′31′′E
Slyudyanka, Mamsko-Chuysky District, Irkutsk Oblast, a settlement in Mamsko-Chuysky District of Irkutsk Oblast; 57°58′16′′N 112°46′14′′E

Title: GPR161
G-protein coupled receptor 161 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GPR161 gene.

References


== Further reading ==

Title: Sarvandan
Sarvandan or Sorvandan (Persian: سروندان) may refer to:

Sarvandan, Fars
Sarvandan, Gilan

Title: ... Not!
... Not! is a grammatical construction in the English language used as a function word to make negative a group of words or a word. It became a sardonic catchphrase in North America and elsewhere in the 1990s. A declarative statement is made, followed by a pause, and then an emphatic "not!" adverb is postfixed. The result is a surprise negation of the original declarative statement.
According to the above, the phrase, "He is a nice guy... not!" is synonymous to "He is not a nice guy". Whereas the latter structure is a neutral observation, the former expresses rather an annoyance, and is most often used jocularly.
One of the earliest uses was in the Princeton Tiger (March 30, 1893) 103: "An Historical Parallel-- Not." In 1905, it was used in the comic strip Dream of the Rarebit Fiend by Winsor McCay. A 1918 instance was "I am darn sorry not to be able to help you out with the News Letter, but in me you have a fund of information—NOT."
Popularized in North America in the 1990s by the Saturday Night Live sketch and subsequent film Wayne's World, "not" was selected as the 1992 Word of the Year by the American Dialect Society.
The "Not!" catchphrase was the basis of a scene in the 2006 film Borat, in which a lecturer in humour attempted to explain the grammatical construction to Borat Sagdiyev with limited success.

See also
Privative, a particle that inverts the meaning of the word stem to which it is affixed.

Notes
External links
Postfix Not! in English
"1992 Words of the Year". American Dialect Society. January 13, 1993. Archived from the original on June 15, 2006.
Safire, William (March 8, 1992). "On Language; Not!". The New York Times Magazine. p. 20.

Title: Charles Attenborough
Charles Frederick Attenborough (16 April 1902 – 29 August 1961) was a British weightlifter. He competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics and the 1928 Summer Olympics.

References
External links
Charles Attenborough at Olympics.com
Charles Attenborough at Olympedia

Title: Black-and-chestnut eagle
The black-and-chestnut eagle (Spizaetus isidori), also known as Isidor's eagle, is a large South American species of bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It is often placed in the monotypic genus Oroaetus. However, recent genetic testing indicates that this species is fairly closely related to Spizaetus species and thus the species should be included in that genus. The black-and-chestnut eagle is a typical forest raptor, hunting primarily small to medium-sized mammals and birds and constructing a large nest in a tall tree. Unfortunately, the twin causes of habitat destruction and persecution, justified or not as an occasional poultry killer, have caused strong population declines and the black-and-chestnut eagle is considered to be an Endangered species by the IUCN.

Description
This is a fairly large eagle and very large raptor at 60 to 80 cm (24 to 31 in) in total length with a wingspan of 147 to 180 cm (4 ft 10 in to 5 ft 11 in). It is largest current member of the genus Spizaetus, with the smallest males somewhat larger linearly than the largest female ornate hawk-eagles. Full grown weights for black-and-chestnut eagles have been reported as 1.5 to 3.5 kg (3.3 to 7.7 lb), making it among neotropic eagles around the same body size as the two largest Buteogallus and the black-chested buzzard-eagle, at least twice as heavy as other Spizaetus and slightly heavier than the notably longer crested eagle. Only the harpy eagle is considerably larger among all neotropical eagles, with most other eagles absent from the high elevation forest home of the black-and-chestnut eagle apart from the solitary eagle. For its genus and for many genera of forest-dwelling raptors in general, it has a proportionately short tail and proportionately long wings but still it is longer tailed and shorter winged than most true open country eagles. Females are notably larger as is typical in raptors, by about 4% to 14%, and longer tailed. The wing chord and tail length is 463 to 488 mm (18.2 to 19.2 in) and 283 to 300 mm (11.1 to 11.8 in) in males, respectively, and 508 to 528 mm (20.0 to 20.8 in) and 329 to 335 mm (13.0 to 13.2 in) in females. A small sample of these eagles measured 110 to 120 mm (4.3 to 4.7 in) in tarsus length. The talons of this species are very large and formidable for the size of the eagle, averaging 50.9 mm (2.00 in) in 6 females and 46.4 mm (1.83 in) in 6 males along the enlarged hallux claw (their main killing apparatus), thus nearly as large as a much bigger eagle such as a golden eagle.

As an adult, this species is glossy black on the head and the back and a rich and somewhat streaky chestnut on the underside, much of the wing secondaries and even on its legs. The black-tipped white feathers on the wing primaries contrast strongly with the chestnut secondaries and underwing coverts. The adult's tail is grayish with a thick black subterminal band. Adult black-and-chestnut eagles have orange-yellow eyes and yellow bare parts but for the somewhat proportionately small gray bill. The juvenile bird is very different, being whitish over the head and body with a buffy wash underneath and scaly grey-brown on the back and mantle, somewhat more extensive than in other whitish juvenile Spizaetus. The wings are whitish on juveniles where adults are chestnut and the remaining wing feathers of the juvenile have a much more varying black-and-white pattern. The tail of juveniles has two strong black bands. The juvenile’s eye is blue-gray, later becoming yellow before becoming orangish at maturity. Maturity is obtained gradually over four years, about average for a large eagle but nearly twice as long as some other Spizaetus species. Adult black-and-chestnut eagles are practically unmistakable, unless seen only dorsally and then can be distinguished from the black hawk-eagle by its larger, much bulkier frame and distinctive tail pattern on a conspicuously relatively shorter tail. Black-and-chestnut juveniles are more reminiscent of juveniles of both other Spizaetus species but are distinctly larger, bulkier and proportionately shorter tailed than both and each species has somewhat distinctive juvenile patterns on the wing primaries and tail. The black-and-white hawk-eagle is particularly far smaller and, unlike the ornate hawk-eagle, is not known to take up occasional residency in cloud forests. Also juvenile pale morph crested eagles can appear surprisingly similar in flight to juvenile black-and-chestnut eagles but are conspicuously longer tailed with a stronger barring pattern. Furthermore, there is little to no overlap with the other species of the genus as well as crested eagles due to the distinct habitat used by the black-and-chestnut. The solitary eagle is unlikely to be mistaken, being much broader winged and lacks all chestnut pigment, furthermore having an almost inverse tail pattern to adult black-and-chestnuts on a rather shorter tail. Unlike other crested raptors, it is reported that the crest of the black-and-chestnut eagle is held upright during calm periods of time and in flight and more likely to be held flat in stressful circumstances.

Ecology
Nest building is February and March, laying eggs in April and May and fledgling young by August and September. It builds a huge stick nest about 2 m (6.6 ft) across and 1 m (3.3 ft) deep. Clutches include 1 to 2 fledglings. At the nest area in some areas, adults primarily appeared to bring squirrels to feed  their young. In Argentina, it was recorded that the female visited the nest more times and invested more time into nest building than males do. The female was responsible for the incubation and incubated every night in Argentina, while the male provided preys for both and briefly incubated when the female went out of the nest. After hatching, the female does all of the chick covering, feeding and defense were only carried out by the female, whereas the male provided prey. These are typical parental behaviors by raptors and eagles, but seem somewhat more rigidly divided in this species as the male never appears to take on brooding responsibilities in the black-and-chestnut eagle.

Black-and-chestnut eagle hunts primarily in the canopy; soars frequently and is rarely seen perched. Powerful legs and talons specialized for taking large prey. They frequently have much-abraded tails by plunging after prey through the branches. Main prey is usually  small-to-mid-sized arboreal mammals including red-tailed squirrels (Sciurus granatensis), opossums (Didelphis sp.), and stump-tailed porcupines (Coendou rufescens). Occasionally, carnivorans such as kinkajous (Potos flavus), coatis (Nasuella olivacea & Nasua nasua) are taken as well as monkeys such as gray-bellied night monkeys (Aotus lemurinus), tufted capuchin (Sapajus apella), and even  woolly monkeys (Lagothrix lagothricha). Birds are import prey in some regions, mainly guans such as Andean guans (Penelope montagnii) and Sickle-winged Guans (Chamaepetes goudotii), though smaller birds such as Band-tailed pigeons (Patagioenas fasciata) are also taken. Black-and-chestnut eagles sometimes hunt chickens, including standard-sized adults, which has caused some persecution of this endangered species. One small dietary study was conducted in Colombia, however, found that chickens made up 14.7% while wild Andean guans were much more frequently taken, making up 53.9% of the diet. Also, here the black-and-chestnut eagles took about the same number of western mountain coatis as they did chickens, and coatis are known predators of poultry chicks and eggs.
They overlap in range with several other large forest eagles, including other Spizaetus eagles, but few interactions have been reported and, as they often occur at slightly different altitudes than other neotropic forest eagles, the black-and-chestnut eagle is believed to be normally the top avian predator in its range. One exception is the similarly sized solitary eagle, which preliminary reports suggests mostly hunts snakes, whereas the black-and-chestnut eagle seems to prefer birds and small-to-mid-sized mammals, and the two species were observed flying near each other without aggression in southeastern Peru since prey partitioning appears to allow them to co-exist. One species seen to be aggressively displaced by the black-and-chestnut eagles here was the turkey vulture, possibly because they sometimes steal eggs from bird's nests.

Habitat and status
It is found in humid montane forests, normally at elevations between 1,800 to 2,500 m (5,900 to 8,200 ft), in the Andes from northern Argentina, through Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, to Venezuela, with isolated populations in the Venezuelan Coastal Range, Serranía del Perijá and Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta. It is generally local and rare. Widespread cutting of primary forest in foothills throughout the Andes is the primary cause of the precipitous decline of this species. Deforestation in the forests of the Andes is rampant as in much of the tropics. There may be only 370–1500 individuals of black-and-chestnut eagles left in the wild (and 250–999 mature individuals), fewer than previously thought. It is one of the most endangered birds of prey in the Americas. Further exacerbating the species' conservation issues are its continued persecution as a killer of domestic fowl.The black-and-chestnut eagles are a control species because they help to maintain the balance of ecosystems by hunting other animals for food(Nest Discovered in Argentina Reveals Potential Human–Predator Conflicts).[1]

References

"Raptors of the World" by Ferguson-Lees, Christie, Franklin, Mead & Burton. Houghton Mifflin (2001), ISBN 0-618-12762-3.

Title: 1928 Bethnal Green Borough election
Elections to Bethnal Green Council were held on 1 November 1928. All the council seats were up for election. The term of office for each Councillor being three years.

Background
Following the decision of the Labour Party to expel Communist Party members from their party, in Bethnal Green, a number of their council group were expelled, including leading figure Cllr. Joseph James Vaughan. The Communist Party responded by fielding a full slate of candidates in opposition to Labour Party candidates. Bethnal Green Liberals decided to end their nominal Progressive alliance with the Municipal Reform Party and stand candidates for the first time under the Liberal Party label.

Summary
In the previous elections in 1925, the Labour Party had won 17 of the 30 council seats, giving it a majority of Councillors. In 1928 the Liberal Party swept the board winning all 30 council seats.

Changes in seats from dissolution

Election result
* - Councillor seeking re-election
Comparisons are made with the 1925 election results.

East
Liberal gain 2 from Labour and 1 from Municipal Reform

North
Liberal gain 5 from Labour and 1 from Communist

South
Liberal gain 3 from Labour and 3 from Communist

West
Liberal hold 6

Aldermanic Elections


== References ==

Title: Weyl–Lewis–Papapetrou coordinates
In general relativity, the Weyl–Lewis–Papapetrou coordinates are used in solutions to the vacuum region surrounding an axisymmetric distribution of mass–energy. They are named for Hermann Weyl, Thomas Lewis, and Achilles Papapetrou.

Details
The square of the line element is of the form:

  
    
      
        d
        
          s
          
            2
          
        
        =
        −
        
          e
          
            2
            ν
          
        
        d
        
          t
          
            2
          
        
        +
        
          ρ
          
            2
          
        
        
          B
          
            2
          
        
        
          e
          
            −
            2
            ν
          
        
        (
        d
        φ
        −
        ω
        d
        t
        
          )
          
            2
          
        
        +
        
          e
          
            2
            (
            λ
            −
            ν
            )
          
        
        (
        d
        
          ρ
          
            2
          
        
        +
        d
        
          z
          
            2
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle ds^{2}=-e^{2\nu }dt^{2}+\rho ^{2}B^{2}e^{-2\nu }(d\phi -\omega dt)^{2}+e^{2(\lambda -\nu )}(d\rho ^{2}+dz^{2})}
  

where 
  
    
      
        (
        t
        ,
        ρ
        ,
        φ
        ,
        z
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (t,\rho ,\phi ,z)}
  
 are the cylindrical Weyl–Lewis–Papapetrou coordinates in 
  
    
      
        3
        +
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle 3+1}
  
-dimensional spacetime, and 
  
    
      
        λ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \lambda }
  
, 
  
    
      
        ν
      
    
    {\displaystyle \nu }
  
, 
  
    
      
        ω
      
    
    {\displaystyle \omega }
  
, and 
  
    
      
        B
      
    
    {\displaystyle B}
  
, are unknown functions of the spatial non-angular coordinates 
  
    
      
        ρ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rho }
  
 and 
  
    
      
        z
      
    
    {\displaystyle z}
  
 only. Different authors define the functions of the coordinates differently.

See also
Introduction to the mathematics of general relativity
Stress–energy tensor
Metric tensor (general relativity)
Relativistic angular momentum
Weyl metrics

References
Further reading
Selected papers
Marek, J.; Sloane, A. (May 1979). "A finite rotating body in general relativity". Il Nuovo Cimento B Series 11. 51 (1): 45–52. Bibcode:1979NCimB..51...45M. doi:10.1007/BF02743695. ISSN 1826-9877. S2CID 125042609.
Richterek, L.; Novotný, J.; Horský, J. (2002). "Einstein-Maxwell fields generated from the gamma-metric and their limits". Czechoslovak Journal of Physics. 52 (9): 1021–1040. arXiv:gr-qc/0209094v1. Bibcode:2002CzJPh..52.1021R. doi:10.1023/A:1020581415399. S2CID 18982611.
Sharif, M. (December 2007). "Energy-momentum distribution of the Weyl-Lewis-Papapetrou and the Levi-Civita metrics" (PDF). Brazilian Journal of Physics. 37 (4): 1292–1300. arXiv:0711.2721. Bibcode:2007BrJPh..37.1292S. doi:10.1590/S0103-97332007000800017. ISSN 0103-9733. S2CID 15915449.
Sloane, A (1978). "The Axially Symmetric Stationary Vacuum Field Equations in Einstein's Theory of General Relativity". Australian Journal of Physics. 31 (5): 429. Bibcode:1978AuJPh..31..427S. doi:10.1071/PH780427. ISSN 0004-9506.

Selected books
Friedman, John L.; Stergioulas, Nikolaos (2013). Rotating relativistic stars. Cambridge monographs on mathematical physics. Cambridge University Press. p. 151. ISBN 978-0-521-87254-6.
Macías, A.; Cervantes-Cota, J. L.; Lämmerzahl, C. (2001). Macías, A.; Cervantes Cota, Jorge Luis; Lämmerzahl, C. (eds.). Exact solutions and scalar fields in gravity: recent developments. New York: Kluwer Academic/Plenum Publishers. p. 39. ISBN 978-0-306-46618-2.
Das, Anadijiban; DeBenedictis, Andrew (2012). The general theory of relativity: a mathematical exposition. New York London: Springer Publishing. p. 317. ISBN 978-1-4614-3658-4.
Hall, G. S.; Pulham, J. R. (1996). Hall, G. S.; Pulham, J. R. (eds.). General relativity: proceedings of the forty sixth Scottish Universities summer school in physics, Aberdeen, July 1995. SUSSP publications. Vol. 46. Scottish Universities Summer Schools in Physics ; Institute of Physics Publishing. pp. 65, 73, 78. ISBN 978-0-7503-0395-8.

Title: Renfrew Glacier
Renfrew Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 8,000 feet (2,400 m). Renfrew Glacier is on the northwest slopes of Middle Sister, an extinct stratovolcano.

See also
List of glaciers in the United States


== References ==

Title: Uruguay at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Uruguay sent a team of 20 athletes to compete in the 2013 Summer Universiade held in Kazan, Russia from July 6 to July 17, 2013.

Football
Uruguay has qualified a men's team in the football competition.
Each nation must submit a squad of 20 players, with a minimum of two goalkeepers. The following is the Uruguay squad in the men's football tournament of the 2013 Summer Universiade:
Coach:  Gustavo Israel

Swimming


== References ==

Title: Asia Fistball Association
The Asia Fistball Association (AFA) is the Asian continental federation of the International Fistball Association and serves to unite the national fistball associations of Asia. The AFA was founded as part of a video conference of the participating associations and the IFA.

Organization
President
Cheng Tsz-man from Hong Kong, China was elected the first president of the AFA in 2021 and represents it internally and externally.

Presidium AFA
The Presidium of the Asia Fistball Association is elected for a period of two years. The current executive committee includes five people. In addition, there are a total of three assistants.

President Assistant : Wong Kwun-fung ( Hong Kong)

Associations
Currently, the Asian Fistball Association has 13 member associations.

World Cup participants
In 1999, the Japanese men's national fistball team took part in a fistball world championship for the first time. To date, four different nations have participated in World Championships.

Men
Women
Male U18
Female U18


== References ==

Title: Haunted Mansion (2023 film)
Haunted Mansion is a 2023 American supernatural horror comedy film directed by Justin Simien from a screenplay by Katie Dippold. It stars LaKeith Stanfield, Tiffany Haddish, Owen Wilson, Danny DeVito, Rosario Dawson, Dan Levy, Jamie Lee Curtis and Jared Leto. Produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Rideback, it is the second film adaptation of Walt Disney's eponymous theme park attraction, following the 2003 version. In the film, a single mother and her son (Dawson and Chase W. Dillon, respectively) enlist the aid of an astrophysicist turned tour guide (Stanfield), a struggling psychic (Haddish), a conman posing as a priest (Wilson) and a college historian (DeVito) to help exorcise the ghostly inhabitants of the titular building that they have recently moved into.
Plans for the reboot adaptation based on the Haunted Mansion began in July 2010, when Guillermo del Toro, who intended to write and produce, stated the project would take place in a heightened reality rather than in a real-world setting. Del Toro was no longer attached as the project's director in July 2013. After years in development hell, Disney officially announced Haunted Mansion in August 2020, with Dippold signed on to write a new screenplay. Simien negotiated to direct the film by April 2021, and was officially confirmed three months later. The primary cast was confirmed from July to October, and additional cast was announced the following year. Principal photography took place from mid-October 2021 to late-February 2022 on a $150 million budget.
Haunted Mansion premiered at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, on July 15, 2023, and was released in the United States on July 28 by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $118 million worldwide, becoming a box-office bomb and losing Disney an estimated $117 million. Journalists criticized the film for its repeated use of product placement.

Plot
In New Orleans, Ben Matthias, an astrophysicist developing a camera to detect dark matter, marries Alyssa, a tour guide for the city's famously haunted places. Following Alyssa's death in a car crash, a despondent Ben gives up his career and continues to run her tour, despite his disbelief in the supernatural. Widowed doctor Gabbie and her son Travis move into the abandoned Gracey Manor, planning to turn the mansion into a bed and breakfast, only to discover that it is infested with ghosts.
Father Kent, an exorcist helping Gabbie, hires Ben to photograph Gracey Manor's ghosts. Unable to find any evidence of ghosts, Ben returns home and is haunted by a ghost of a mariner, forcing him to return to the mansion as he learns that Gabbie, Travis and Kent have also fallen victim to hauntings as well. They recruit Harriet, a psychic, and steal the mansion's blueprints from historian Professor Bruce Davis. The group finds a hidden séance room where Harriet contacts the spirit of William Gracey, who writes a message instructing them to talk to legendary medium Madame Leota. A malevolent entity forces Harriet out of the house, while Bruce arrives and is forced out as well.
The group stays at the mansion, searching for Leota. In the attic, Ben runs afoul of ghostly bride Constance Hatchaway and finds a locked trunk containing a crystal ball holding Leota herself. Leota reveals that Gracey recruited her to contact the spirit of his late wife every night for an entire year, resulting in the mansion's ghosts taking up residence. A malevolent spirit tricked Gracey into committing suicide and trapped Leota inside her crystal ball; having acquired 999 souls throughout the years, the spirit needs one more in order to escape from the mansion. When Harriet performs an astral projection, Ben is sent out of his body instead and encounters Gracey's ghost and the malevolent spirit, whose head disappears and reappears within a hatbox it carries.
A police sketch artist draws the ghost, allowing the group to identify him as Alistair Crump, a wealthy heir who was shunned by his father and high society; after his father's mysterious death, a vengeful Crump used lavish parties to lure his fellow socialites to their deaths while developing an obsession with the occult, until he was assassinated by his much-abused staff. Crump seals the mansion but Ben, Kent and Travis escape to Crump Manor, where the Mariner leads them to Crump's hat to use in a banishment ritual.
Returning to Gracey Manor, Kent confesses that he is actually a con artist, but he and Ben soon rescue their friends. Crump incinerates his hat and, having been impersonating Travis' late father, plots to make Travis his final soul. Ben convinces Travis not to give in to his grief and they and Gabbie confront Crump in the mansion's graveyard. Kent rallies the ghosts to rebel against Crump, while Harriet frees Leota and Bruce recovers the remnants of the hat to carry out the banishment ritual. Crump tempts Ben to become his final soul and be reunited with Alyssa, but Ben makes his peace with losing her as Crump is sent back to the netherworld upon the ritual's completion.
Ben continues to move on with his life and discovers the cat staying by his door is named Tater Tot, a nod to his wife's love for the food. The group reunites at the mansion for a Halloween party; Ben has returned to teaching, Harriet has regained confidence in her psychic abilities, Kent has been ordained, Travis is elected class vice president, Gabbie has been hired at the local hospital, Bruce maintains his newfound friendships and many of the ghosts have chosen to stay at the mansion, now in harmony with the living.

Cast
LaKeith Stanfield as Ben Matthias, a cynical astrophysicist turned tour guide
Tiffany Haddish as Harriet, a psychic with genuine abilities
Owen Wilson as Father Kent, a conman posing as a priest and trained exorcist
Danny DeVito as Bruce Davis, a college historian and professor at Tulane University
Rosario Dawson as Gabbie, a widowed doctor from New York who moves to New Orleans with her son to open a bed and breakfast at the mansion
Chase W. Dillon as Travis, Gabbie's son
Daniel Levy as Vic, an entertainment tour guide
Jamie Lee Curtis as Madame Leota, the psychic responsible for summoning the mansion's many ghostly occupants, including Crump, who is subsequently confined in her crystal ball by the latter.
Jared Leto as Alistair Crump alias The Hatbox Ghost; Leto's likeness was used for Crump in an enhanced police sketch and in the animation depicting his backstory.
Hasan Minhaj as a police sketch artist
Marilu Henner as Carol, a tourist in New Orleans
Jo Koy as a daytime bartender
J. R. Adduci as William Gracey, the first owner of the mansion, where he conducted seances with Leota's assistance to contact his late wife, but instead attracted the mansion's ghosts.
Steve Zissis as Roger
Winona Ryder as Pat, a New Orleans tour guide (uncredited)

Production
Development
In July 2010, it was announced that a reboot adaptation based on The Haunted Mansion was in development for Walt Disney Pictures, with Guillermo del Toro as writer and producer. Del Toro stated the project would not take place in a real-world setting, but in a heightened reality. He revealed that the Hatbox Ghost would be one of the main characters and said the film would be "scary and fun at the same time, but the scary will be scary". In June 2011, Walt Disney World Imagineer Jason Surrell was brought onto the project as a creative consultant. In August 2012, Del Toro submitted the final draft of his script to Walt Disney Studios, intended for a PG-13 rating. By July 2013, Del Toro announced he was no longer the project's director, but remained as co-writer and executive producer. In April 2015, Ryan Gosling was in early negotiations to star, while D.V. DeVincentis was hired to rewrite the script. In September 2016, Brigham Taylor was hired as producer.

In August 2020, it was announced that Katie Dippold signed on to write a new screenplay for the film, after it was decided that Del Toro's script was too scary for family audiences. Dan Lin and Jonathan Eirich were hired as producers. The project would be a joint-venture production between Walt Disney Pictures and Rideback. By April 2021, Justin Simien entered early-negotiations to direct the film, and was officially confirmed as director by July 2021.
Bryan Cogman, Del Toro, DeVincentis, Micah Fitzerman-Blue, Noah Harpster, Justin Haythe, Jeff Nathanson, Matthew Robbins, Simien, Steven Thompson, and Chris Weitz wrote additional literary material for the film.
In a behind-the-features featurette, production designer Darren Gilford revealed that the crew had an after-hours tour on the actual Haunted Mansion ride at Walt Disney World. The crew then pulled details from the ride to use for the sets.

Casting
Tiffany Haddish, LaKeith Stanfield, Owen Wilson, Rosario Dawson, and Danny DeVito were each cast to appear in the film. In July 2022, Jamie Lee Curtis and Jared Leto were revealed to have been cast. During the 2022 D23 Expo presentation, it was revealed that Winona Ryder, Dan Levy, and Hasan Minhaj were cast.

Filming and post-production
Principal photography ran from October 4, 2021, to late February 2022 in New Orleans, Louisiana, and Atlanta, Georgia. Production also occurred at Trilith Studios.  The visual effects were handled by DNEG and Industrial Light & Magic.

Music
Kris Bowers composed the film's score. The soundtrack album was released on July 26 by Walt Disney Records, two days before the film.

Product placement
Disney made extensive use of product placement in the film, including the following companies and brands:

Release
Theatrical release
Haunted Mansion had its world premiere at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, on July 15, 2023. Due to the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike occurring a few days prior, the film's cast members could not attend the premiere, with the park's Disney characters including Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, and Disney villains such as Maleficent, Cruella de Vil, and the Evil Queen walking the red carpet instead. It was released theatrically in the United States on July 28 in 4DX and Dolby Cinema formats. It was previously scheduled for March 10, 2023, and then August 11, 2023.

Marketing
Before the film's release, 
the cast appeared on the game show Celebrity Family Feud.

Home media
Haunted Mansion was released on digital platforms on October 3, Disney+ on October 4, and Blu-ray and DVD on October 17.
The film debuted at No. 9 on Vudu's weekly chart for the week ending October 15, following its premium VOD release. It remained at No. 9 on Vudu's chart for the week ending October 29. Haunted Mansion debuted at No. 4 on the overall disc sales chart and No. 5 on the Blu-ray sales chart for the week ending October 28.
Nielsen Media Research, which records streaming viewership on U.S. television screens, calculated that the film was watched for 992 million minutes during the week of October 2–8, making it the most-streamed movie during that period. Whip Media, which tracks viewership data for the more than 25 million worldwide users of its TV Time app, reported that Haunted Mansion was the top streaming movie in the U.S. for the week ending October 8.  For the week of October 16–22, Nielsen announced that the movie was streamed for 413 million minutes.

Reception
Box office
In the United States and Canada, the film was released alongside Talk to Me, and was projected to gross $25–30 million from 3,740 theaters in its opening weekend, though a debut of $20–25 million had also been considered possible. It made $10 million on its first day, including $3.1 million from Thursday night previews. It went on to debut to $24.1 million, finishing in third below Barbie and Oppenheimer, and failing to top the opening weekend of the 2003 film ($24.3 million, unadjusted for inflation). Reasons for the low opening have been cited for competition from Barbie and Oppenheimer, lack of marketing, divided word of mouth, and its Halloween-esque tone. Disney suggested that not having the cast available for promotional appearances (due to the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike) had a negative impact on the opening weekend. Given its $150 million production budget, Variety opined the opening was "not a great result for a kid-centric tentpole", and that the film was "Halloween-esque". The film fell 62% in its second weekend to $9.2 million, finishing fifth.
Haunted Mansion grossed $67.7 million in the United States and Canada, and $49.8 million in other territories, for worldwide gross of $117.5 million. Deadline Hollywood calculated the net losses of the film to be $117 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

Critical response
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 38% of 253 critics' reviews are positive, with an average rating of 5.1/10. The website's consensus reads: "Haunted Mansion's talented cast makes the movie a pleasant enough destination, although it's neither scary nor funny enough to wholeheartedly recommend." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 47 out of 100, based on 52 critics, indicating "mixed or average" reviews. Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale, while those polled at PostTrak gave it an 80% overall positive score, with 60% saying they would definitely recommend the film.
Peter Bradshaw from The Guardian gave the film two out of five stars, and stated, "Lakeith Stanfield, Rosario Dawson, Owen Wilson and Jamie Lee Curtis cannot save this laborious story of a creepy old dwelling and the awful Hatbox Ghost." Peter Debruge of Variety wrote, "While the visual effects are surprisingly weak for a film of this scale, the script proves far better than anyone might expect, establishing an emotional foundation for what might otherwise be a gimmick-driven haunted house movie." Lucas Trevor of The Washington Post wrote, "It's too dark for a family film, too weightless and juvenile for grown-ups. In a season notable for high-level action spectacle and important auteur projects, Haunted Mansion is not just confused but inconsequential."

Criticism of product placement
The extensive use of product placement in the film generated online controversy. Aleena Malik wrote for Screen Rant that "movies tend to find organic ways to integrate product placement into the story and limit how many they include, but Haunted Mansion did the opposite. The call-outs to different products and brands felt excessive and completely out of place." In his negative review of the film for Rolling Stone, David Fear cited "the blatant product placement for Burger King jalapeño poppers" as one of its chief flaws. Users on Letterboxd and Twitter were critical of the placements.

Accolades
Haunted Mansion was nominated for Best Fantasy Film at the 51st Saturn Awards. It received a nomination for Best Contemporary Makeup - Feature-Length Motion Picture at the 16th Make-Up Artists & Hair Stylists Guild Awards.

References
External links
Official website 
Haunted Mansion at IMDb

Title: Wrestling with the Devil: A Prison Memoir
Wrestling with the Devil: A Prison Memoir is a 2018 memoir by Kenyan writer Ngugi wa Thiong'o. The book was published by the New York City-based publisher The New Press. It is an edited version of Thiongo'o's 1981 memoir, Detained: A Writer's Prison Diary, which was never published in the United States.
The book is about the drama and difficulties of creating fiction while under constant observation for twenty-four hours. In addition to capturing the unbearable anguish of being separated from his spouse and kids, he also depicts the spirit of defiance that characterizes optimism.
The memoir received positive reviews from Kirkus Reviews, The New York Times and Publisher's Weekly.

Plot
The memoir begins thirty minutes before his December 12, 1978, release from prison. He remembers, in one long flashback, the night a year prior, when he was taken from his home by armed police and imprisoned at Kenya's KamĪtĩ Maximum Security Prison, one of the biggest in Africa. He is segregated from the other inmates and resides in a prison block with eighteen other political prisoners.

Reference
Further reading
Meenakshi, M.S.S.; Vennila, S. (2019-06-02). "Human Relationship, a Sine Quo Non of Africans to Surmount Western Influence: A Reading of Ngugi wa Thiong'o's Wrestling with the Devil : A Prison Memoir". The Journal for English Language and Literary Studies. 9 (2): 5–5. ISSN 2249-216X.
A. M., Ong'ang'a; Indangasi, H.; Kitata, M. (2021). "Manipulation of narrative paradigm in Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o's Wrestling with the Devil (2018)". Hybrid Journal of Literary and Cultural Studies.
Theodra, Justin (2021-04-03). "Wrestling with the devil: a prison memoir : by Ngugi wa Thiong'o, New York, The New Press, 2018, 180 pp., e-book, $12.25, ISBN 978-1-62097-334-9". Review of African Political Economy. 48: 314. doi:10.1080/03056244.2021.1860344. hdl:10.1080/03056244.2021.1860344. ISSN 0305-6244.

Title: Heloise (disambiguation)
Héloïse (1100?–1164) was a French writer, philosopher and abbess and wife of Peter Abelard.
Heloise may also refer to:

People
Héloïse Colin (1819–1873), French painter and fashion illustrator
Heloise Bowles Cruse (1919–1977), American advice columnist, the original author of "Hints from Heloise"
Heloïse Denner, 21st century South African politician and attorney
Heloise Ruth First (1925–1982), South African anti-apartheid activist and scholar assassinated by the South African police
Héloïse Guérin (born 1989), French fashion model
Heloise Hersey (1855–1933), American scholar of Anglo-Saxon language and literature
Heloise McCeney (1876–?), American vaudeville performer known as the Parisian Dancer
Héloïse Durant Rose (c. 1853 – 1943), American poet, playwright and critic
Heloise Williams, lead singer of New York punk band Heloise and the Savoir Faire
Laurent Héloïse (born 1985), French professional football player
Heloise (columnist), pen name of Kiah Michelle Cruse (born 1951), American advice columnist, daughter of the original "Hints from Heloise" author

Fictional characters
Heloise (Jimmy Two-Shoes), a character on Canadian animated children's TV series Jimmy Two-Shoes

See also
All pages with titles beginning with Heloise
Eloise (disambiguation)
Hawise (disambiguation)
Helvise (disambiguation)

Title: Mark Zemansky
Mark Waldo Zemansky (May 5, 1900 – December 29, 1981) was an American physicist. He was a professor of physics at the City College of New York for decades and is best known for co-authoring University Physics, an introductory physics textbook, with Francis Sears. The book, first published in 1949, is often referred to as "Sears and Zemansky", although Hugh Young became a coauthor in 1973.

Early life
Zemansky grew up in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn where his mother, Bessie Cohen Zemansky (1868–1946), helped to found a Reform temple, and his father, Dr. Abraham Philip Zemansky (d. 1932), an 1874 graduate of the College of Physicians and Surgeons in the City of New York, was one of the first attending physicians at Lebanon Hospital located in The Bronx, New York (later merged as Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center).
His twin brother, Abraham Philip Zemansky Jr. (Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, '23), died in 1928 at age 28 of sepsis after a mastoid operation.

Academic career
Zemansky graduated from City College of New York in 1921 and received a Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1927. His Ph.D. research and thesis was done under the supervision of Harold Worthington Webb (1884–1974)  and his thesis was entitled "The Diffusion of Imprisoned Resonance Radiation In Mercury Vapor". It was published in the journal Physical Review in 1927.
In 1925, he joined the faculty of City College of New York.
Zemansky was a National Research Council fellow, at Princeton University from 1928 to 1930, then at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Berlin, Germany from 1930 to 1931. The research he did during that time was in radiation and collision processes of gaseous atoms.
In 1934, he co-authored with Allan C. G. Mitchell, son of the astronomer Samuel Alfred Mitchell, a seminal treatise entitled "Resonance Radiation and Excited Atoms". Nearly thirty years later, with enhanced interest in resonance phenomena set off by the invention of the laser and the discovery of the Mössbauer effect, the book would be reprinted in 1961.
In the early 1940s, he was involved in helping scientists get out of Germany and into the United States; in 1941, Zemansky and Rudolf Ladenburg helped Fritz Reiche and his family get out of Germany and into the United States securing them aid and academic positions.
From 1946 to 1956, he was associated with the Cryogenic Laboratory of Columbia University where he collaborated with Henry A. Boorse, an expert on low-temperature physics, on the measurement of heat capacities of superconducting metals and other researches. During this time he was involved in helping Chien-Shiung Wu to arrange for her groundbreaking experiment, in which the violation of parity conservation in weak interactions was established, to be carried out at the low-temperature laboratories of the National Bureau of Standards.
Zemansky taught for over four decades at the City College of New York until 1967 when he became a Professor Emeritus of Physics. As chairman of the physics department from 1956 to 1959, he brought it into the modern era. From 1963 to 1966 he was the first executive officer of the City University's new doctoral program in physics.
He was active in the American Association of Physics Teachers and was its president in 1951 and its executive secretary from 1967 to 1970.

Death
Zemansky died at his home in Teaneck, New Jersey on December 29, 1981, of leukemia complications, and was survived by his wife Adele and son Herbert.

Personal life
Zemansky, his wife Adele, and their family resided in Teaneck, New Jersey until the time of his death. They had two sons, Philip Zeman (1939–1979), and Herbert Zeman (b. 1944), a physicist and inventor of medical devices who graduated from Oberlin College in 1965 (A.B. Physics) then Stanford University in 1972 (M.S., Ph.D. Physics).

Awards
1956 — Oersted Medal of the American Association of Physics Teachers

Selected books
Mitchell, Allan C. G.; Zemansky, Mark W. (1934). Resonance Radiation and Excited Atoms, Cambridge [Eng.] University Press
Zemansky, Mark W. (1937). Heat and Thermodynamics: an Intermediate Textbook for Students of Physics, Chemistry, and Engineering New York : McGraw-Hill Publishing Company.
Zemansky, Mark W. and Dittman, Richard. (1997). Heat and Thermodynamics: an Intermediate Textbook (edition: 7). McGraw-Hill.
Sears, Francis; Zemansky, Mark. (1947–1948). College Physics, 2 volumes, Cambridge, Mass. : Addison-Wesley Press
Sears, Francis; Zemansky, Mark; et al. (1991). College Physics (7th ed.). Addison Wesley.
Zemansky, Mark W. (1964). Temperatures Very Low and Very High. Princeton, N.J., Published for the Commission on College Physics by D. Van Nostrand Company Inc. (reprinted by Dover Publications Inc., New York, NY, in 1981) (alternative copy of entire book online - Internet Archive)

See also
Herbert Callen

References
Sources
Hofstadter, Robert; Lustig, Harry; Semat, Henry, "Obituary: Mark W. Zemansky", Phys. Today 35(3), 73 (1982); doi: 10.1063/1.2914982

Further reading
Nierenberg, William Aaron; Aaserud, Finn (interviewer), "Interview of William Aaron Nierenberg by Finn Aaserud on February 6, 1986", Niels Bohr Library & Archives, American Institute of Physics, College Park, MD USA. Zemansky is mentioned many times by Nierenberg in this interview.

External links
Photos of Mark Zamansky - The Emilio Segrè Visual Archives, part of the Niels Bohr Library & Archives at the American Institute of Physics.

Title: Sanayi (İzmir Metro)
Sanayi is an at-grade station on the M1 Line of the İzmir Metro in Bornova. It is located in the Kazımdirik neighborhood adjacent to Üniversite Avenue. The area around Sanayi station consists of mostly warehouses with a few apartment buildings. The station opened on 22 May 2000 as part of the ten original stations on the İzmir Metro.

History
Sanayi was originally a railway station on the Bornova suburban line known as 2. Sanayi railway station (Turkish: 2. Sanayi istasyonu). The station was built by the Smyrna Cassaba Railway (SCP) and opened on 25 October 1866.  Trains from Basmane station to Bornova stopped at Sanayi. Since the Bornova Branch was never extended, the station and the line remained a suburban railway. The Turkish State Railways (TCDD) took over the SCP in 1934 and continued operating commuter service on the railway. TCDD sold the railway to the İzmir Municipality in 1994 and Sanayi, along with the railway, was closed down. The Municipality began construction of the İzmir Metro in 1995 and Sanayi station was demolished. The new station was built on the existing right-of-way shortly after. Construction was completed in 1999 and the station was inaugurated on 22 May 2000, along with the metro line from Bornova to Üçyol.

Connections
ESHOT operates city bus service on Üniversite Avenue.


== References ==

Title: 15th Saturn Awards
The 15th Saturn Awards, honoring the best in science fiction, fantasy and horror film in 1987, were held on August 23, 1988.
The winners were announced on April 7, 1988. The sci-fi action film RoboCop won five awards, including Best Science Fiction Film.

Winners and nominees
Below is a complete list of nominees and winners. Winners are highlighted in bold.

Film awards
Special awards
George Pal Memorial Award
Larry Cohen

Life Career Award
Roger Corman

President's Award
Mike Jittlov and Richard Kaye – The Wizard of Speed and Time

Silver Scroll (Outstanding Achievement)
Gary Goddard – Masters of the Universe

References
External links
The Official Saturn Awards Site

Title: Gymnastics at the 2023 Pan American Games – Qualification
The following is the qualification system and qualified nations for the Gymnastics at the 2023 Pan American Games competition to be held in Santiago, Chile.

Qualification timeline
Qualification summary
In Artistic Gymnastics, NOCs with 5+ entered gymnasts may also enter the team competition.
In Trampoline, NOCs with at least 2 entered gymnasts in each gender may also enter each gender's synchronized competition.

Artistic
A total of 122 artistic gymnasts (61 per gender) will qualify. The top nine teams in each event qualified five gymnasts each (with one being the host nation Chile). Teams 10-13 each qualified two gymnasts each. A further seven spots were available (per gender) for individual qualification (with a maximum of one quota per gender per nation). The winners of the individual all-around competition at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games also qualified directly for the games. A nation could qualify a maximum five athletes per gender (with the winners of the Junior Pan American Games being an additional number for their respective NOC's).

Men
Chile finished 10th and as host nation was awarded the 9th qualifying team spot.

Women
Rhythmic
The top six nations in the team event at the Pan American Championship qualified two gymnasts. The last four spots went to the top four nations in the individual event, that have not earned any quotas (each with one gymnast). The top six nations in the group event also qualified, with each group consisting of 5 gymnasts. If the host nation has not qualified, an additional six quotas are available (one in individual and five for group). The winner of the individual all-around competition at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games also qualified directly for the games.

Individual
Group
Trampoline
The winners of the 2021 Junior Pan American Games qualified automatically. The top five countries (determined by the second placing athlete per nation) each qualified two athletes. The last two spots were awarded to the next two best placed nations. The host nation Chile was guaranteed a spot for its best ranked athlete (male or female), if it failed to qualify (only if it competed at the 2023 Pan American Trampoline Championships).

Chile did not compete at the qualification tournament and did not receive any quotas.

See also
Gymnastics at the 2024 Summer Olympics – Qualification


== References ==

Title: Edo University, Iyamho
Edo University, Iyamho (abbreviated EDI) is a state government-owned tertiary institution founded in 2016. Formerly known as Edo State University, Uzairue, it is located in Iyamho, a town in Etsako West local government area of Edo State, Nigeria. 
In December 2024, the Edo state governor, His Excellency, Senator Monday Okpebholo approved the renaming of the university from Edo state University, Uzairue, to Edo University,  Iyamho. 
On 23 March 2016, the university was approved by the National Universities Commission as Nigeria's 41st state university. Edo University offer undergraduate, postgraduate and research programmes.

History
On 27 March 2014, the Edo State House of Assembly passed a bill for the establishment of a University of Science and Technology at Uzairue. The university was however changed to Edo University and its location to Iyamho.

Ranking and achievement
In 2018, the university was  ranked first among State government owned Universities and third University in Nigeria in the first ever Open Educational Resources (OER) conducted by National Universities Commission (NUC) Institutional repository.

Criticism
Upon the establishment of Edo University, the Governor of Edo State Adams Oshiomole was criticized by some section of the press. Francis Akhigbe of THISDAYLive cited "personal interest" as the reason why Oshiomole established the university . The media also felt there was no need of establishing a university when other tertiary institutions in the state were already in bad conditions.

Vice chancellors
Emmanuel Aluyor 2016–June 2024 is a professor of chemical engineering
Prof Dawood Egbefo 
2024-Present
Professor of History and International Studies

University Library
Edo University's library provides a devoted, specialized, and approachable service across the campus. The university’s informational resources, both in print and online/offline formats, support the teaching and exploration activities of the institution.

References
External links
Official website

Title: Dacatria
Dacatria is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It contains the single species Dacatria templaris, first described from South Korea. The genus is known only from South Korea, Vietnam and China.

References
External links
 Media related to Dacatria templaris at Wikimedia Commons

Title: Saint Domitius
Saint Domitius (Domice) of Amiens (fl. 8th century) is a French saint, venerated especially in the diocese of Amiens.

Legend
A former canon of Notre-Dame of Amiens, Domitius had given up his prebend to live a solitary life. Based on the readings for his office, hagiographer Laurentius Surius says that Domitius was not a priest, but a deacon of the church of Amiens who became a hermit at Saint-Acheul along the banks of the Avre. He is remembered for providing spiritual guidance to Saint Ulphia. 
One of the statues in the portal of Amiens Cathedral has been identified as Domitius. There is also a painting of Domitius with Saint Ulphia in the cathedral. The painting is attributed to the nineteenth century painter, Jean de Franqueville.
Domitius is commemorated on October 23. He is not listed in the 2004 revised edition of the Roman Martyrology.

References
External links
Amiens facade, Columbia.edu

Title: The Honourable Wally Norman
The Honourable Wally Norman is a 2003 Australian comedy film directed by Ted Emery. It stars Kevin Harrington, Shaun Micallef, and Greig Pickhaver.
It was filmed primarily in South Australia and was nominated for two AFI awards.

Plot
The story begins with a corrupt Member of Parliament (Micallef) shutting down a country town's main source of employment in the local meatworks. This leaves Wally Norman (Harrington) out of a job, until drunk politician Willy Norman accidentally writes the wrong name on the parliamentary nomination form.
Wally is at first apprehensive about running, until he realises it is the only way to save the meatworks. Throughout the film Wally is coached by Willy Norman and assistant Myles Greenstreet (Nathaniel Davison) in how to best appeal to the voters, as well as overcome his fear of public speaking.
Meanwhile, Myles is attracted to Wally's daughter, and a wombat's career skyrockets.
Much of the film's humour comes from wordplay, such as naming the town Givens Head, and the foreman of the meatworks being named George. Shaun Micallef said he had to insist that his own moniker was modified from F. Ken Oath to F. Ken Oats to soften one of the film's less subtle attempts at punning.

Cast
Kevin Harrington as Wally Norman
Alan Cassell as Willy Norman
Shaun Micallef as Ken Oats
Rosalind Hammond as Dolly Norman
Nathaniel Davison as Myles Greenstreet
Greig Pickhaver as The Chairman
Octavia Barron-Martin as Laurie Norman
Tom Budge as Normie Norman
Bryan Dawe as Richard Nicholls
Melissa Madden-Gray as Rebecca-Jane Thompson
Paul Kelman as Gary
Reg Evans as Barry
Paul Makin as Alan Unwin Bookmaker

Filming
The Honorable Wally Norman was filmed in various areas of South Australia. It used the towns of Lobethal, Mount Barker and Nairne for the town in the movie. The town of Lobethal provided the hotel, Mount Barker provided the meatworks and the St Francis de Sales College, and Nairne hosted the main street for the billy-cart race shown near the beginning of the movie.
Mike Rann, at that time Premier of South Australia, had a cameo appearance at 1:12:10 in the film. He played the man who was thrown out of his seat by The chairman.

Critical reception
The Sydney Morning Herald described the film as: "dreary, like being offered a dried-out chop, fake mash and over-cooked broccoli, when you were invited over for a juicy lamb roast." SBS said "The Honourable Wally Norman seriously lacks bite; it's a determinably retro affair, amiable and mildly amusing, but pretty bland." Urban Cinefile dismissed the film as "a shallow and contrived affair with the occasional shadow of humour passing over it."

Box office
The Honourable Wally Norman grossed $181,395 at the box office in Australia.

See also
Cinema of Australia
South Australian Film Corporation

References
External links
The Honourable Wally Norman at IMDb
moviehole.net review
The Honourable Wally Norman at the National Film and Sound Archive

Title: Preston Riley
Preston Riley (born October 30, 1947) is a former American football wide receiver. He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1970 to 1972 and for the New Orleans Saints in 1973.  Preston Riley is infamous for fumbling the onside kick in the 1972 playoff game against the Dallas Cowboys that allowed Dallas to complete a miraculous comeback and prevent San Francisco from going to their first Super Bowl.


== References ==

Title: Vladimir Lash
Vladimir Lvovich Lash (Russian: Владимир Львович Лаш) (born 29 October 1895 in Moscow; died 29 January 1947) was a Russian and Soviet football player.

International career
Lash made his debut for Russia on 5 July 1914 in a friendly against Sweden.

External links
(in Russian) Profile

Title: Amine Dinar
Amine Dinar (born 13 June 1995) is a Moroccan former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

Club career
Early career
Whilst growing up Dinar played football in his native Morocco as well as Niger and Gabon, where his father was as a diplomat. He returned to Morocco in 2011 and played with FAR Rabat when at the age of 18 he earned a move to French club Paris Saint-Germain.

Paris Saint-Germain
Dinar joined Paris Saint-Germain from FAR Rabat on 1 July 2013 on a three-year contract. Dinar ultimately made just eight appearances during his spell at Paris Saint-Germain.

College soccer
Dinar attended San Francisco State University in the United States and played college soccer in 2016 and 2017.

National team
Dinar has represented his nation at various youth levels. He earned his first cap for the senior national football team of his country on 12 December 2012, after coming on as a substitute in the 3-0 win over Niger in a friendly match.

Honours
International
Morocco
Islamic Solidarity Games: 2013


== References ==

Title: Chery Fulwin A9
The Chery Fulwin A9 (Chinese: 奇瑞风云A9; pinyin: Qíruì Fēngyún A9) is a range extender executive sedan produced by Chery since 2025.


== References ==

Title: Module:Location map/data/USA New Jersey Bergen County


Title: Kromskoy (inhabited locality)
Kromskoy (Russian: Кромской; masculine), Kromskaya (Кромская; feminine), or Kromskoye (Кромское; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

Kromskoy (rural locality), a settlement in Bolshekolchevsky Selsoviet of Kromskoy District of Oryol Oblast
Kromskaya, Kursk Oblast, a village in Kromskoy Selsoviet of Fatezhsky District of Kursk Oblast
Kromskaya, Oryol Oblast, a village in Topkovsky Selsoviet of Pokrovsky District of Oryol Oblast

Title: Edwin J. Jorden
Edwin James Jorden (August 30, 1863 – September 7, 1903) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.

Biography
Edwin J. Jorden was born in Spring Hill, near Towanda, Pennsylvania.  He attended the common schools and Keystone Academy.  He graduated from the State Normal School at Mansfield, Pennsylvania.  He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1888 and commenced practice in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania.
Jorden was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Myron B. Wright and served from February 23 until March 4, 1895 (10 days).  He was not a candidate for renomination in 1894.  He resumed the practice of his profession and died in Tunkhannock in 1903.  Interment in Sunnyside Cemetery.

Sources
United States Congress. "Edwin J. Jorden (id: J000270)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress.
The Political Graveyard

Title: ICT Roller Derby
ICT Roller Derby (ICTRD) is a women's flat track roller derby league based in Wichita, Kansas. Founded in 2006, ICT was the first roller derby team in Kansas. ICT is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).

History and organization
ICT was founded as "ICT Roller Girls" in 2006, and celebrated its tenth anniversary in 2016. By 2008, the league had more than forty skaters.  
ICT was accepted into the Women's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice program in October 2009, and became a full member in June 2010, the first league from Kansas to be accepted. In 2016, ICT served as the host league for one of that year's WFTDA Division 2 Playoffs at the Wichita Sports Forum.
Ahead of the 2017 season, the league rebranded as ICT Roller Derby.

WFTDA rankings


== References ==

Title: Horseshoe Island (New Jersey)
Horseshoe Island is a 100 acres (40 ha) remote island located off the coast of Little Egg Inlet in New Jersey. The island is critical for coastal avian species, as the area is both free of human and mammal predator activity.

History
Horseshoe Island is a newly-formed island created by naturally-collected sand. The area has changed in appearance many times due to tide activity and weather. In 2018, a platform shoal emerged and has stayed intact. It is named Horseshoe Island due to its appearance.
In 2021, a group of biologists decided to take a boat out to Horseshoe Island and monitor bird activity. They discovered many nests filled with eggs and noted the importance of the area. Biologists aim to visit the island twice a week to count each bird and note which species is present.
Beginning in 2022, Horseshoe Island was closed to humans from March 1 to September 30 as to not disturb coastal birds during migration and breeding season. This seasonal closure will continue for the next five years. The area is managed by the New Jersey Tidelands Resource Council as it is part of the Edwin B. Forsythe National Wildlife Refuge. There is a likelihood that Horseshoe Island will continue to expand and merge with a nearby barrier island called Little Beach, located to its west.

Impact
Horseshoe Island is home to many coastal avian species, many of which are endangered. Species nesting in this location includes black skimmers, least terns, royal terns, and American oystercatchers. Piping plovers and red knots do not nest here, but are reported forage at this location. Red knots, a federally threatened species, have continued to decline as they mainly feast on horseshoe crabs, which have become overharvested. However, the formation of the sandbar and shoal encouraged natural spawning, which has attracted red knots to the area.
Because Horseshoe Island is closed to humans and pets and is not home to any land mammals, serving as a safe haven for coastal birds. In 2022, scientists reported around 2,000 nesting birds on Horseshoe Island.


== References ==

Title: Drugfire
Drugfire  is a multimedia database imaging system that automates the comparison of images of bullet cartridge cases, shell casings and bullets that was developed by MSI (Mnemonic System Inc.).  It is a multimedia database imaging system that allows examiners from across the United States to compare and link evidence obtained in the form of spent cartridges and other ammunition casings.

Development
Before Drugfire was invented, firearm examiners had to rely on a technique devised in the 1920s to compare ammunition markings. This involved looking at a casing under a microscope and the examiner had to compare the two casings to see if there were similar markings on the bullet which would most likely mean that the bullets had been fired from the same gun.
From the years of 1991 and 1992, MSI devolved Drugfire, a forensic imaging system that allows investigators to compare ammunition markings from a specific shooting to databases of seemingly unrelated shootings which allowed the FBI to solve numerous cases.

Notable cases
Drugfire was used by the Oakland Police to solve the murder of Tommie Cain. A month after Cain's shooting death, an Oakland patrol officer pulled over Jovan Reynolds and Henry Bruce for a routine traffic stop. The officer found a .38-caliber revolver in the car, which he took into evidence as both men were felons. When the gun was test-fired and entered into the Drugfire system, police found that its bullet matched the slug that had come from Cain's body. With the information, Reynolds and Bruce were questioned and eventually confessed to the murder. Police investigators said the case would most likely still had been open if not for the use of Drugfire.


== References ==

Title: Simon Falette
Simon Augustin Falette (born 19 February 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre back. Born in France, he plays for the Guinea national team.

Club career
Falette started playing football at Tours before moving to the youth teams of Lorient in 2007. On 18 February 2012, he made his Ligue 1 debut for the first team of Lorient in a 0–1 loss against Lille. He spent the 2012–13 season on loan at Ligue 2 side Laval. In the following season, he was again loaned out to Ligue 2, this time to Brest. Brest made the transfer permanent in the summer of 2014. Falette moved to first division team Metz prior to the 2016–17 season, where he was a regular starter and made 35 appearances in league matches, scoring three goals.
In August 2017, Falette moved to Bundesliga club Frankfurt on a four-year deal. He made his first appearance for his new club on the first matchday of the 2017–18 season in a 0–0 draw against Freiburg. On 10 February 2018, he scored his first and only goal in the German first league in a 4–2 victory against 1. FC Köln. On 19 May 2018, Falette won the 2017–18 DFB-Pokal with his team, but didn't play in the final.
On 5 October 2020, Falette joined Hannover 96. He joined Hatayspor in 2021.
On 27 February 2024, Falette signed a contract with Czech club Zbrojovka Brno until end of the season.

International career
Falette was born in Le Mans, France, to a French Guianan father, Albert, who was also a footballer, and a Guinean Loma mother. He was called up to the French Guiana national football team in 2015.
In October 2018, he was approached by the Guinea national team, on the basis that his grandmother was born there. He made his debut for Guinea on 18 November 2018, in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Ivory Coast. In the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations, he appeared as a starter in all four matches his team played in the tournament before dropping our after losing to Algeria in the round of 16.

Career statistics
Club
As of match played 5 October 2020

International
As of matches played on 14 July 2019

References
External links
Simon Falette – French league stats at Ligue 1 – also available in French (archived)
Simon Falette at National-Football-Teams.com

Title: Rinat Bilyaletdinov
Rinat Sayarovich Bilyaletdinov (Tatar: Ринат Сәйяр улы Биләлетдинев, Russian: Ринат Саярович Билялетдинов; born 17 August 1957) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. He is of Tatar descent.

Coaching career
From 2014 to 2015, he managed the Russian Premier League club Rubin Kazan.
On 12 January 2018, he was signed by the last-place Russian Premier League club FC SKA-Khabarovsk. After 4 games at the helm in which SKA scored no goals and gained only 1 point, he left the club on 31 March 2018 by mutual consent.
On 3 April 2023, Bilyaletdinov was appointed caretaker manager by Russian Premier League club FC Khimki, with the club in relegation zone. He only served as caretaker in one game before Andrei Talalaev was hired as a new head coach.

Personal life
He is the father of midfielder Diniyar Bilyaletdinov.

References
External links
Rinat Bilyaletdinov at FootballFacts.ru (in Russian)

Title: Stare Lewkowo
Stare Lewkowo [ˈstarɛ lɛfˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus, on the river Narewka. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Narewka, 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Hajnówka, and 45 km (28 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok.


== References ==

Title: Aquatics at the 2005 East Asian Games
Aquatics at the 2005 East Asian Games in Macau, included competition in 3 disciplines:

Swimming (2–6 November); swum in a 50m pool (i.e. "long course meters")
Diving (30 October - 1 November)
Synchronized Swimming (3–5 November).

Swimming
Schedule
Prelims began at 9:00 a.m.; Finals at 7:00 p.m.
These Games marked the first time the 50s of stroke (50 back, 50 breast, 50 fly) were sum at the Games; consequently, new Games Records (GR) were established in each of these events.

Participating countries
Results
Men
Women
Medal table
Diving
Schedule
Results
Men
Women
Medal table
Synchronised swimming
Schedule
Results
Medal table
See also
Aquatics at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games


== References ==

Title: Veraphis
Veraphis is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Staphylinidae.
The species of this genus are found in Northern Europe.
Species:

Veraphis assingi Jałoszyński, 2013
Veraphis calcarifer Jałoszyński, 2012


== References ==

Title: Joseph Stevens (archaeologist)
Joseph Stevens (born 14 April 1818, died 7 April 1899) was a British archaeologist, former medical doctor, and antiquarian. Stevens was a significant contributor to the archaeological field and is noted for being the first curator of Reading Museum. Stevens died in St Mary Bourne, Hampshire, at the age of 81.

Personal life
Stevens was born in Stanmore, Berkshire to a yeoman farmer. Little more is known about the identity of his parents. Prior to medical school, he inherited a small sum from his uncle which was to be put toward his education.
Originally training as a chemist, Stevens subsequently trained at the Middlesex Hospital, London, qualifying as a surgeon. Stevens then moved to St Mary Bourne, Hampshire, a parish 3 miles from Whitchurch, to work as the village doctor (1844–1879) where he met and married Mary Laura Longman in 1854, the daughter of William Longman. Upon his retirement in 1879, Stevens moved to Reading, Berkshire as a widower to pursue his archaeological and geological interests.

Medical career
Stevens' success in the field of medicine, and his philanthropy, has been well recorded in John Isherwoods' Dr Joseph Stevens of St Mary Bourne (2015). Isherwood examines Stevens' work at St Mary Bourne, which at the time was a poor rural parish, at a time where Victorian public health reformers and legislation were being continuously improved.
Whilst appointed as Medical Officer, Stevens reported that disease was being spread by polluted water and poor hygiene and informed support for significant health legislations including the 1866 Sanitary Act which had been hastened by the cholera epidemic.

Life in Reading
Following the loss of his wife in 1874 and his retirement in 1879, Stevens moved to Reading to pursue his personal interests. Outside of his medical career, Stevens was fascinated with history, geology, botany, and archaeology and wrote detailed finds on his collections. He took up his own archaeological digs and eventually found Palaeolithic implements in the Reading drift gravels and excavated sites at Gas Works Lane and at Cemetery Junction in Reading. All items found, including medieval pottery, were donated to the Reading Museum.
Stevens was appointed Honorary Curator of Reading Museum in 1884, a year after it had opened. He has been heralded by past curator of natural history at Reading Museum, David Norton, for his approach towards curating, citing that he can be perceived as a "pioneer in seeing museums not as cabinets of curiosities but as places of education and particularly of their localities" after discussing how Stevens refused a chipped off stone fragment from Stonehenge out of concern that it would promote further destruction.
In 1882, before official appointment as Honorary Curator, Stevens recorded The Bland Collection, a large eclectic collection, donated by Horatio Bland, merchant and artefact collector.
After promoting Reading Museum for over a decade, on the 20 August 1891 in Reading Town Hall, Stevens was presented his own marble bust which had been commissioned in his honour and paid for by public subscription. The bust was intended to be placed at the entrance of the museum.

Death
Stevens lived in Reading until his death on 7 April 1899. His body was moved to St Mary Borne where he was buried next to his wife Mary who had died in 1874.
At the time of his death, Stevens was a member of the Royal College of Physicians London, and the British Archaeological Association. Prior to his death, Stevens had also been a local member of council for Berkshire and Hampshire, Honorary Curator of both Reading Museum and Andover Museum, and an established author.

Works
A Parochial History of St Mary Bourne with an account of Hurstbourne Priors Hants (Hampshire, 1888)
Antiquarian Intelligence, Journal of British Archaeological Association, vol. 38, 1882, pp. 33-348
On the Remains Found in an Anglo-Saxon Tumulus at Taplow, Bucks., Journal of British Archaeological Association, vol. 40, 1884, pp. 61-71
Palaeolithic Flint Implements, with Mammalian Remains, in the Quaternary Drift at Reading, Journal of the British Archaeological Association , vol. 37, 1881, pp. 1-11
Remains Found at the Reading Gas Works, Journal of the British Archaeological Association, vol. 37, 1881, pp. 264-268
St Mary Borne Past and Present (1863)
Stone Implements Found in the Thames River, Journal of British Archaeological Association, vol. 39, 1883, pp. 344-346
The Font at St Mary Bourne, Journal of British Archaeological Association, vol. 36, 1880, pp. 30-33


== References ==

Title: The Autobiography of William Carlos Williams
The Autobiography of William Carlos Williams (also known as The Autobiography, or simply, Autobiography) is an autobiographical book written by William Carlos Williams, and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1951.


== References ==

Title: Grooms Tavern Complex
Grooms Tavern Complex is a historic tavern located at Grooms Corners in Saratoga County, New York.  The complex consists of the tavern, a wagon and blacksmith shop, and a frame privy.  The tavern building was built about 1825 and is a 2-story, timber-framed, gable-roofed building in a vernacular Federal style.  It consists of a main block with 1+1⁄2-story, frame kitchen wing in the rear.  When expanded to two stories in the 1840s, a Greek Revival style cornice was added. The building was partially remodeled in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The tavern building was also operated as a general store. The wagon and blacksmith shop was constructed in the 1840s and is a 2-story, rectangular, timber-framed building with a gable roof in the Greek Revival style.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.


== References ==

Title: Gliosis
Gliosis is a nonspecific reactive change of glial cells in response to damage to the central nervous system (CNS). In most cases, gliosis involves the proliferation or hypertrophy of several different types of glial cells, including astrocytes, microglia, and oligodendrocytes. In its most extreme form, the proliferation associated with gliosis leads to the formation of a glial scar.
The process of gliosis involves a series of cellular and molecular events that occur over several days. Typically, the first response to injury is the migration of macrophages and local microglia to the injury site. This process, which constitutes a form of gliosis known as microgliosis, begins within hours of the initial CNS injury. Later, after 3–5 days, oligodendrocyte precursor cells are also recruited to the site and may contribute to remyelination. The final component of gliosis is astrogliosis, the proliferation of surrounding astrocytes, which are the main constituents of the glial scar.
Gliosis has historically been given a negative connotation due to its appearance in many CNS diseases and the inhibition of axonal regeneration caused by glial scar formation. However, gliosis has been shown to have both beneficial and detrimental effects, and the balance between these is due to a complex array of factors and molecular signaling mechanisms, which affect the reaction of all glial cell types.

Astrogliosis
Reactive astrogliosis is the most common form of gliosis and involves the proliferation of astrocytes, a type of glial cell responsible for maintaining extracellular ion and neurotransmitter concentrations, modulating synapse function, and forming the blood–brain barrier. Like other forms of gliosis, astrogliosis accompanies traumatic brain injury as well as many neuropathologies, ranging from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis to fatal familial insomnia. Although the mechanisms which lead to astrogliosis are not fully understood, neuronal injury is well understood to cause astrocyte proliferation, and astrogliosis has long been used as an index for neuronal damage. Traditionally, astrogliosis has been defined as an increase in intermediate filaments and cellular hypertrophy as well as an increase in the proliferation of astrocytes. Although this hypertrophy and proliferation in their extreme form are most closely associated with the formation of a glial scar, astrogliosis is not an all-or-none process in which a glial scar forms. In fact, it is a spectrum of changes that occur based on the type and severity of central nervous system (CNS) injury or disease triggering the event. Changes in astrocyte function or morphology which occur during astrogliosis may range from minor hypertrophy to major hypertrophy, domain overlap, and ultimately, glial scar formation. The severity of astrogliosis is classically determined by the level of expression of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and vimentin, both of which are upregulated with the proliferation of active astrocytes.

Modulation of astrogliosis
Changes in astrogliosis are regulated in a context-dependent fashion, and the signaling events which dictate these changes may modify both their nature and severity. It is these changes in astrogliosis which allow the process to be complex and multifaceted, involving both a gain or loss of function as well as both beneficial and detrimental effects. Reactive astrocytes are affected by molecular signals released from a variety of CNS cell types including neurons, microglia, oligodendrocyte precursor cells, leukocytes, endothelia, and even other astrocytes. Some of the many signalling molecules used in these pathways include the cytokines interleukin 6 (IL-6), ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF), and leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF). Although many of these specific modulatory relationships are not yet fully understood, it is known that different specific signaling mechanisms result in different morphological and functional changes of astrocytes, allowing astrogliosis to take on a graduated spectrum of severity.

Effects of astrogliosis
Although astrogliosis has traditionally been viewed as a negative response inhibitory to axonal regeneration, the process is highly conserved, suggesting it has important benefits beyond its detrimental effects. Generally, the effects of astrogliosis vary with the context of the initial CNS insult and also with time after the injury. A few of the most important effects of astrogliosis are listed below.

Beneficial effects
Neuroprotective effects – Reactive astrocytes release neurotrophic factors, such as glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), which protects against programmed cell death
Maintenance of the extracellular environment – Astrocytes are responsible for the uptake of glutamate, which restricts excitotoxicity to neurons and other cell types, as well as the elimination of free radicals
Release of anti-inflammatory molecules
Restoration of blood brain barrier function
Seclusion of the injury site and containment of infection from healthy tissue

Detrimental effects
Restriction of axon regeneration – In cases of glial scar formation, reactive astrocytes enmesh the lesion site and deposit an inhibitory extracellular matrix consisting of chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans. The dense structure of these proteins is a physically and chemically inhibitory barrier to axon regeneration and the reestablishment of axon connections.
Secretion of neurotoxic substances – These may include pro-inflammatory and cytotoxic cytokines. Examples of these molecules include nitric oxide radicals and TNF-α.
Release of excitotoxic glutamate
Hindrance of functional recovery and worsening of clinical signs

Microgliosis
Microglia, another type of glial cell, act as macrophage-like cells in the CNS when activated. Unlike other glial cell types, microglia are extremely sensitive to even small changes in the cellular environment, allowing for a rapid response to inflammatory signals and prompt destruction of infectious agents before sensitive neural tissue can be damaged. Due to their fast response time, microgliosis, or the activation of microglia, is commonly the first observed stage of gliosis.
Microgliosis following a CNS insult most commonly involves the development of an altered cellular morphology, specifically the enlargement of cellular processes. The microglial immunological surface receptor CR3 is also upregulated within 24 hours after the initial injury. Within the first week following the injury, microglia begin to proliferate abnormally and while doing so exhibit several immunophenotypic changes, particularly an increased expression of MHC antigens. The population of activated microglia at the site of a CNS injury includes not only endogenous microglia of the CNS but also exogeneous perivascular cells originating in the bone marrow that migrate to the area and transform into microglia to supplement the microgliosis response.
While in their activated state, microglia may serve a variety of beneficial functions. For example, active microglia are the primary effectors of innate immunity and fulfill this role by phagocyting the proteins of dead neurons, presenting antigens at their surface, and producing a variety of pro-inflammatory cytokines and toxic molecules that compromise the survival of surrounding neurons which may be similarly damaged or infected. Active microglia also perform critical homeostatic activity, including the clearing of cell debris through phagocytosis, a function essential to neuron survival. In addition, active microglia release anti-inflammatory factors and other molecules, such as IL-6 and TGF-β, which regulate neurogenesis after injury. However, the over-activation of microglia can also be detrimental by producing several neurotoxic substances including pro-inflammatory factors, such as TNF-α, prostaglandin E2, and interferon-γ, and oxidative stress factors, including nitric oxide and hydrogen peroxide. Notably, unlike astrogliosis, microgliosis is a temporary and self-limited event, which generally lasts only one month after injury, even in cases of extreme damage.

Neural modulation of microgliosis
Microglial activation has been shown to be a reactive process in which microglia respond to signals given off by injured neurons. Because various characteristics of microgliosis occur in different time frames after the initial triggering insult, microgliosis must depend on mechanisms which fluctuate temporally based on injured neuronal signals. Studies have shown that in cases of reversible neuronal injury, such as axotomy, neuron signals cause microglia to produce trophic factors, which promote neuron survival. In cases of irreversible injury, however, microglia are induced to release neurotoxic factors that promote increased degeneration of the neuron and more rapid phagocytosis by the microglia. Such specificity of the process of microgliosis indicates that it primarily serves a beneficial purpose, selectively conserving some neural tissue while eliminating others, based on the specific initial CNS insult.

Microglial regulation of astrogliosis
Although the molecular triggers of gliosis, including both astrogliosis and microgliosis, are not fully understood, in vitro studies have indicated that activated microglia have an important role in initiating and modulating astrogliosis. One critical piece of evidence supporting this relationship is the widely documented temporal correlation between the onsets of the two processes. Unlike the microglial response, which occurs rapidly, the start of astrogliosis is often delayed. A likely cause of this relationship is the pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines released at elevated levels by microglia upon activation. These include macrophage inflammatory protein-1 (MIP), macrophage colony stimulating factor (M-CSF), the interleukins IL-1, IL-6, and IL-8, and TNF-α. Receptors for these molecules have been identified on astrocytes, and the molecules, when exogenously introduced, have been shown to induce, enhance, or accompany astrogliosis. Astrocytes themselves also produce cytokines, which may be used for self-regulation or for the regulation of microglia, which contain similar cytokine receptors. This phenomenon creates a feedback loop, allowing both microglia and astrocytes to regulate one another. In addition, evidence suggests microglial regulation of astrogliosis may also include inhibitory effects. Reduced levels of microgliosis have been associated with reduced astrocyte numbers, which also suggests that microglia are important regulators of the degree of astrocyte activation.

Response of oligodendrocytes
Oligodendrocytes are another type of glial cell which generate and maintain the formation of myelin around the axons of large neurons in the CNS, allowing for rapid transmission of neural signals. Unlike astrocytes and microglia, oligodendrocytes undergo a much more limited reaction to injury. Rather, in cases of CNS trauma, they are more similar to neurons in their susceptibility to sustaining damage. The degeneration of axons as a result of trauma or pathology invariably results in the degeneration of the myelin sheath. Depending on the mechanism of insult, several different patterns of oligodendrocyte injury and reaction may be observed. In all cases, however, some oligodendrocytes are lost, through necrosis or apoptosis, while others survive and may form part of the glial scar along with myelin debris. Oligodendrocyte precursor cells are also affected by CNS insult and are recruited to demyelinated areas within a week following traumatic injury. Some of these cells may produce new myelin when exposed to signals from activated microglia and astrocytes.

Triggers of gliosis
In general after any CNS insult, gliosis begins after the blood brain barrier is disrupted, allowing non-CNS molecules, such as blood and serum components, to enter the brain. These components, along with activated macrophages they carry, are known to have a role in beginning the formation of the glial scar by inducing the disconnection of axons, also called secondary axotomy, and the upregulation of fibrous extracellular matrix components which eventually form the scar tissue. The specific molecular triggers responsible for this action, however, remain unknown. One potential trigger is transforming growth factor β (TGF-β). TGF-β2, whose expression is gradually increased as gliosis occurs, has been shown to increase astrocyte production of scar-forming proteoglycans. Experimental reduction of both TGF-β2 and TGF-β1, which is expressed immediately after injury, has resulted in reduced glial scarring. The interleukins are another potential molecular trigger of gliosis. These molecules, notably IL-1, initiate an inflammatory response in various cells including astrocytes that contributes to the gliosis reaction. Finally, interactions between the inflammatory cytokines interferon-γ (IFN-γ) and fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2) may also be responsible for the induction of gliosis. In culture, both molecules act as mitogens, prompting the proliferation of astrocytes. Moreover, addition of IFN-γ to brain lesion sites has resulted in an increase in glial scarring.

In CNS injury and disease
Gliosis is the universal response of the CNS to tissue injury and occurs as a result of many acute conditions such as trauma, ischemia, and stroke. Additionally, gliosis is present in a wide variety of CNS pathologies, including Alzheimer's disease, Korsakoff's syndrome, multiple system atrophy, prion disease, multiple sclerosis, AIDS dementia complex, vasculitis, Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and Huntington's disease. In every case, gliosis involves some degree of hypertrophy or proliferation of glial cells, but the extent and nature of the gliosis response vary widely based on the triggering insult. Gliosis in any form entails an alteration in cellular activity that has the potential to create widespread effects on neurons as well as other non-neural cells, causing either a loss of normal functions or a gain of detrimental ones. In this light, gliosis may be seen not only as a characteristic of many neuropathologies but as a potential contributor to, or even cause of, many CNS disease mechanisms. A select group of CNS conditions associated with gliosis are described below.

CNS trauma
Acute trauma to the brain or spinal cord results in gliosis, most often in its severe form with the development of a glial scar. Different locations around the lesion site may exhibit different severities of gliosis; for example, a glial scar at the location of damaged tissue may be surrounded by areas with less severe astrocyte proliferation or hypertrophy. Diffuse traumatic injury can result in diffuse or more moderate gliosis without scar formation. In such cases, gliosis may also be reversible. In all instances of gliosis resulting from CNS trauma, the long-term clinical outcome is highly dependent on the degree of astrogliosis and scar formation.

Multiple sclerosis and autoimmune inflammatory disorders
Gliosis is a prominent feature of many autoimmune inflammatory disorders, notably multiple sclerosis, in which demyelinated plaques are surrounded by reactive astrocytes. These astrocytes often exhibit extreme hypertrophy and multiple distinct nuclei, and their production of pro-inflammatory molecules has been implicated in several inflammatory disorders. Cytokines produced by both active astrocytes and microglia in inflammatory conditions may contribute to myelin damage and may alter blood-brain barrier permeability, allowing the migration of lymphocytes into the CNS and heightening the autoimmune attack.

Retinal gliosis
In vertebrates, the retina contains Müller cells, a type of glia not found elsewhere in the CNS. Upon retinal injury, gliosis of these cells occurs, functioning to repair damage, but often having harmful consequences in the process, worsening some of the diseases or problems that initially trigger it. Reactive gliosis in the retina can have detrimental effects on vision; in particular, the production of proteases by astrocytes causes widespread death of retinal ganglion cells. A 2011 study compared the effects of two glial toxins, AAA and Neurostatin, on retinal gliosis in mice. AAA did not inhibit the production of protease by astrocytes, and so did not prevent ganglion cell apoptosis. However, Neurostatin successfully inhibited activation of astrocytes, in turn decreasing retinal ganglion cell death significantly. Neurostatin is also effective in the inhibition of other glial cells, and may be an area of interest in the treatment of degenerative diseases such as glaucoma.
Massive retinal gliosis (MRG) is a phenomenon in which the retina is completely replaced by proliferation of glial cells, causing deterioration of vision and even blindness in some cases. Sometimes mistaken for an intraocular tumor, MRG can arise from a neurodegenerative disease, congenital defect, or from trauma to the eyeball, sometimes appearing years after such an incident.

Alzheimer's disease
Gliosis has long been known as a characteristic of Alzheimer's Disease (AD), although its exact role in the disease remains unknown. Gliosis and glial scarring occur in areas surrounding the amyloid plaques which are hallmarks of the disease, and postmortem tissues have indicated a correlation between the degree of astrogliosis and cognitive decline. Exposure of reactive astrocytes to β-amyloid (Αβ) peptide, the main component of amyloid plaques, may also induce astroglial dysfunction and neurotoxicity. In addition, the ability of reactive astrocytes to degrade extracellular Αβ deposits may suggest that astrogliosis may affect the progression or severity of AD.

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a debilitating disease involving the degeneration of motor neurons in the CNS. Reactive astrocytes have been implicated in this condition through either a loss of their neuroprotective ability or through the gain of neurotoxic effects. Late stages of ALS are also characterized by significant astrogliosis and astrocyte proliferation around areas of degeneration.

Potential therapeutic targets in gliosis
The implications of gliosis in various neuropathologies and injury conditions has led to the investigation of various therapeutic routes which would regulate specific aspects of gliosis in order to improve clinical outcomes for both CNS trauma and a wide range of neurological disorders. Because gliosis is a dynamic process which involves a spectrum of changes depending on the type and severity of the initial insult, to date, no single molecular target has been identified which could improve healing in all injury contexts. Rather, therapeutic strategies for minimizing the contribution of astrogliosis to CNS pathologies must be designed to target specific molecular pathways and responses. One promising therapeutic mechanism is the use of β-lactam antibiotics to enhance the glutamate uptake of astrocytes in order to reduce excitotoxicity and provide neuroprotection in models of stroke and ALS. Other proposed targets related to astrogliosis include manipulating AQP4 channels, diminishing the action of NF-kB, or regulating the STAT3 pathway in order to reduce the inflammatory effects of reactive astrocytes. Astrogliosis may also be attenuated by inhibiting the microgliosis response. One notable microglial activation inhibitor is minocycline, which is a known suppressor of astrogliosis. The cell cycle inhibitor olomoucine also has been shown to suppress both microglial and astroglial proliferation as well as glial scar formation. Future directions for identifying novel therapeutic strategies must carefully account for the complex array of factors and signaling mechanisms driving the gliosis response, particularly in different stages after damage and in different lesion conditions.

See also
Bergmann gliosis

References


== External links ==

Title: Toxic Clouds of 9/11
The Toxic Clouds of 9/11: A Looming Disaster is a documentary film that was produced by Alison Johnson, the chair of the Chemical Sensitivity Foundation. The film addresses the health concerns of first responders at the World Trade Center site.
The Chemical Sensitivity Foundation is developing a registry of persons exposed to toxic dust from the collapsed buildings after the September 11 attacks.
The film was debuted at SUNY at New Paltz on June 12, 2006. It has been presented in the United States and in Canada.

See also
Health effects of September 11, 2001 attacks


== References ==

Title: Orang Rimba people
The Orang Batin Sembilan, Orang Rimba or Anak Dalam are mobile, animist peoples who live throughout the lowland forests of southeast Sumatra. Kubu is a Malay exonym ascribed to them. In the Malay language, the word Kubu can mean defensive fortification, entrenchment, or a place of refuge. It is metaphor for how the majority and dominant Islamic Melayu villagers believe them to use the interior forests as a means for resisting inclusion in the larger Malay social and Islamic religious world.  As is the case with other forest peoples in the region, the term Kubu is associated with very negative connotations. 
Following Malay classifications, early Europeans divided the Kubu into two categories: 'tame' or 'civilized' Kubu, who were predominantly swidden farmers, and 'wild' Kubu, who lived deep in the forests, and made much stronger efforts to avoid close relations with the outside world. While closely related to Malay speaking peoples, these peoples represent two separate cultural groups, which have different economic and socio-religious systems.

Orang Batin Sembilan
Traditionally referred to as civilized Kubu, the Orang Batin Sembilan are a larger population of swidden-based peoples who live in the central and eastern lowland forests of South Sumatra (pop. ~35,000) and Jambi (pop. ~10,000) . Like other people in the region, these people traditionally use the swidden field as a base camp from which to exploit resources in the forests, particularly when collecting forest products for trade.

Orang Rimba
The Orang Rimba ('people of the forest') are a much smaller population of people (~3000) who live in the upstream regions of Jambi and South Sumatran.  They have a unique, diverse economy, which shifts in and out of two base subsistence strategies: swidden farming and a very nomadic life based on foraging wild yams. This is traditionally combined with hunting, trapping, fishing, and the collection of forest products for trade. For many, part-time rubber tapping and participation in logging has gradually replaced the collection of forest products. 
Orang Rimba life is characterized by small and changing camps, which can be the size of a nuclear family when digging for wild yams, but more commonly is based around an extended family, and can include several extended families whenever swidden farming. Their social relations are very egalitarian, while hierarchies are largely based upon age, gender and knowledge of religion and culture law.
Sokola Rimba is a 2013 Indonesian film featuring the lifestyle of the Rimba people.

Deforestation and government settlements
Since the 1970s, many of these peoples have been displaced from their traditional lands by logging companies and palm oil plantations, and for some time have been the target of government settlement projects. Additionally, the peoples of these tribes are frequently being forcibly converted to state-approved religions, primarily Islam.

Language
The various Kubu languages belong to the Malayo-Polynesian branch of the Austronesian language family. They are isolects of the Malay language (Bahasa Melayu) spoken in the upstream regions of Palembang and Jambi, Sumatra. All are related to the Indonesian language, which is based upon a variant of Malay.

References
External links
Description of the tribe by Warsi, the Indonesian Conservation Community
WALHI (Friends of the Earth Indonesia) page about the Orang Rimba fighting for influence over how the Bukit Duabelas National Park is run.
Sager, Steven. The Sky is our Roof, the Earth our Floor: Orang Rimba Customs and Religion in the Bukit Duabelas Region of Jambi, Sumatra.

Title: Anaphlebia
Anaphlebia is a monotypic moth genus in the subfamily Arctiinae. Its single species, Anaphlebia caudatula, is found in the Amazon region. Both the genus and species were first described by Felder in 1874.

References
External links

Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul. "Search results Family: Arctiidae". Butterflies and Moths of the World. Natural History Museum, London.

Title: Berlin Brandenburger Tor station
Berlin Brandenburger Tor station (German: Bahnhof Berlin Brandenburger Tor) is an underground railway station in the central Mitte district of Berlin, Germany, located on the Unter den Linden boulevard near Hotel Adlon, Pariser Platz and Brandenburg Gate. It is served by the Berlin S-Bahn and U-Bahn, as well as local bus lines. The station was known as Berlin Unter den Linden from 1936–2009.

Overview
The station opened on 27 July 1936 in the course of the building of the Nord-Süd Bahn tunnel. Train service discontinued on 21 April 1945 and could not be resumed until 2 December 1946 as the tunnel was flooded. The station was again closed with the construction of the Berlin Wall on 13 August 1961 and for decades became one of Berlin's ghost stations, as while both terminals of the Nord-Süd railway line were located in West Berlin, the station itself was located in the East. Unter den Linden later reopened on 1 September 1990, one month before the German reunification.
On completion of the new U55 line of the Berlin U-Bahn from Berlin Hauptbahnhof, the U-bahn station started operations as its temporary southern terminus and as an interchange with the Nord Süd S-Bahn lines. Both the U-Bahn and the S-Bahn station were renamed Brandenburger Tor in 2009 to distinguish them from Unter den Linden U-Bahn station at the junction of Unter den Linden with the Friedrichstraße. The U5 line through the station to the east opened on 4 December 2020.

Gallery
See also
Unter den Linden U-bahn station

References
External links

Station information (in German)

Title: Hamamat Montia
Hamamat Montia (22. July 1988) is a Ghanaian model and a former Miss Malaika queen.

Career
Starting as a model, she was elected Miss Malaika in 2006 and model of Africa Universe in 2007. She sells shea butter, soap and other products handmade in Ghana.

Personal life
She hails from Bolgatanga in the Upper East region of Ghana, and got her high school education at Achimota School.
She is aged 34 (2022)
She is a mother of two daughters and one son.

References
External links
Hamamat.com

Title: Strakonický Dudák
Strakonický Dudák is a brand of the Czech Republic's brewery Pivovar Strakonice 1649, a.s. Together with Nektar, it is distributed in the Strakonice District region. The name refers to the fictional bagpipe player who lived in the region, known from Josef Kajetán Tyl's play The Bagpiper of Strakonice.

External links
Brewery's Web site.

Title: Evo
EVO or Evo may refer to:

Companies
Evo (company), American sporting goods and outdoor recreation retailer

Games
Evolution Championship Series, an annual fighting game esports tournament in the US
Evo (board game), a 2001 board game
E.V.O.: Search for Eden, a video game released for the Super NES in 1992

People
Bill Evo (born 1954), an American ice hockey player
Evo Anton DeConcini (1901–1986), American jurist
Evo Morales (born 1959), President of Bolivia from 2006–2019

Places
Evo, a village in Hämeenlinna, Finland

Publications
East Village Other, a 1965–1972 American underground newspaper in New York City
EVO (comics), a 2002 comic crossover between Top Cow/Image Comics titles
Evo (magazine), a British car magazine

Technology
Compaq Evo, a series of personal computers
Enhanced VOB, a container digital video format
EVO Smart Console, a PC and game console
HTC Evo 4G, a smartphone
EVO (release group), a movie release group

Transportation
Evo Car Share, a carsharing service in the Greater Vancouver area
Evo tube train, a train type being developed by London Underground in New Tube for London
Lancer Evolution, a car manufactured by Mitsubishi
several models of Lamborghini Huracan

Other uses
Evo (guitar), the name of Steve Vai's primary instrument
Evo (restaurant), a Michelin-starred restaurant in Barcelona, Spain
EVO Banco, a Spanish bank
E.V.O (album), a 2016 album by Brazilian metal band Almah
a train in the London Underground rolling stock
Exponentially Variegated Organism, fictional mutants in the Generator Rex series
Extra-virgin olive oil

Film
Polis Evo, 2015 Malaysian action police film by Ghaz Abu Bakar
Polis Evo 2, 2018 Malaysian action police film by Joel Soh and Andre Chiew
Polis Evo 3, 2023 Malaysian action police film by Syafiq Yusof

See also
Evolution (disambiguation)
Ivo, a masculine given name

Title: Soyah
Soyah  is a town and sub-prefecture in the Mamou Prefecture in the Mamou Region of Guinea.


== References ==

Title: William Hall (basketball)
William J. Hall (born 1 June 1991) is a retired British professional basketball player, who formerly played for Glasgow Rocks of the British Basketball League.

Junior career
As a youth player, he played for England's national under-18 basketball team at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B, Where he average 6.0 Points and 2.0 Assists in 2 games

Professional career
Europe
Hall began his career with Leeds Force, He finished the 2014-15 season averaging 14.2 points, 7.3 Rebounds and 2.5 Assists.
On 30 July 2015, Hall signed with Glasgow Rocks for the 2015-16 season. He appeared in thirty-six games averaging 12.6 Points, 6.9 Rebounds and 2.8 Assists.
On 26 September 2016, Hall signed a one-year deal with Obila CB of the Spanish LEB Plata. Hall had averaged 9.4 points, 5.5 rebounds and 1.4 assist after 2016-17 Spanish LEB Plata season.

References
External links
Real GM Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile

Videos
William Hall Basketball 2011-2012  - Youtube.com Video

Title: Face It Alone
"Face It Alone" is a song by British rock band Queen. Written by Brian May, John Deacon, Roger Taylor and Freddie Mercury (credited as Queen) and produced by David Richards, Kris Fredriksson and Justin Shirley-Smith, recorded over thirty years prior to its eventual release, and originally thought "unsalvageable" by May and Taylor, it was released on 13 October 2022 as a single as part of promotion for The Miracle Collector's Edition box set, which itself was released on 18 November 2022.

Background
Mercury and the rest of the band recorded "Face It Alone" in 1988 during the recording sessions for their 1989 album The Miracle. It was revisited during the recording sessions for Innuendo but was ultimately not included on either album. In summer 2022, Brian May and Roger Taylor leaked the news of the newly discovered song, and stated that the song had a good chance of being released (using the earlier recordings from The Miracle).
The final, officially released version of the song does not contain all of the lyrics present in the original takes, nor from Mercury's original handwritten lyrics.  A verse beginning "But screaming out loud gets you nowhere in this world" as well as lines such as "and the Sun begins to loom" were cut from the eventual 2022 release. In addition to the unused lyrics, alternate guitar parts and an extended guitar solo were recorded, too.
The original 1988 recording that served as the basis for the official release has a running time of 5:18. Studio dialogue from Mercury, directed at May, can be heard at the beginning of this version. Many of the lyrics on this recording are incomplete and ad-libbed, as was typical of Mercury's writing style at this point in his career. This track has been known to collectors since the late 1990s and has leaked online multiple times since the mid 2000s.

Music video
A lyric video was released on 13 October 2022. The official music video was uploaded on Queen's YouTube channel on 21 October. The music video features figures of the band along with footage of the sessions from The Miracle.

Critical reception
Reviews for "Face It Alone" were generally positive. Neil McCormick, writing for The Telegraph, rated the song 4/5 stars and called it "tender, moving [and] defiant". In a review for The Guardian, Alexis Petridis gave the song 3/5 stars, adding that whilst he felt it was "not a bad song, [and] nor is it anything approaching a classic", he praised Mercury's vocals, calling "Face It Alone" "moving and slender, a minor footnote that manages to pack an emotional punch regardless". A subsequent review from Rolling Stone magazine felt the song fit "effortlessly" into the band's back catalogue.

Chart performance
On the day of its digital release, "Face It Alone" became the most downloaded song in the world for five days in a row and topped the iTunes download charts in 21 countries. In the United Kingdom, the single peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Downloads Chart, and at number 1 on the UK Physical Singles and Vinyl Singles charts. It debuted at number 90 on the main Singles Chart.
Placing on various charts around the world, the single peaked at number 7 on the US Hot Hard Rock Songs chart, number one on the Dutch Single Tip 100 chart, 
"Face It Alone" was the 14th best-selling vinyl record of 2022 in the UK behind the Brilliant Adventure (1992–2001) box set by David Bowie and ahead of "Rock the Casbah" by the Clash.

Personnel
Queen
Freddie Mercury – lead vocals, backing vocals, keyboards
Brian May – electric guitar
Roger Taylor – drums, percussion
John Deacon – bass guitar
Production
David Richards – producer, engineer
Kris Fredriksson – producer, engineer, music supervisor
Justin Shirley-Smith – producer, music supervisor
Josh Macrae – producer, engineer
Bob Ludwig – mastering engineer

Charts


== References ==

Title: Cabras
Cabras may refer to the following places:

Cabras, Sardinia, a town in Italy
Cabras Island, on Guam
Pino Cabras (born 1968), Italian politician
Ilha das Cabras, an island in the municipality of Ilhabela, São Paulo, Brazil
Ilhéu das Cabras, an island of São Tomé and Príncipe
Cabras Islets, Island in the Azores, Portugal

Title: Seiryō-ji
Seiryō-ji (清凉寺) is a Buddhist temple in the Saga district of Ukyō-ku, Kyoto, Japan. It is also known as Saga Shaka-dō. It used to be devoted to the practice of Yuzu Nembutsu, although it has been owned by the Jōdo-shū sect since the Genroku Period. Initially, the temple belonged to the Kegon sect; then it became a Pure Land temple. The honzon is an image of Gautama Buddha (Shaka-nyorai). The wooden statue is a National Treasure of Japan, and is an example of a hibutsu. Seiryō-ji also possesses National Treasure statues of the Amitābha (Amida) trinity, and other National Treasures and Important Cultural Properties.

The tomb of Minamoto no Tōru, sometimes mentioned as the model for Hikaru Genji in important Japanese literary classic The Tale of Genji, resides here.

See also
List of National Treasures of Japan (paintings)
List of National Treasures of Japan (sculptures)
Thirteen Buddhist Sites of Kyoto


== References ==

Title: Khairpur Tamiwali Tehsil
Khairpur Tamewali Tehsil (Urdu: تحصیل خیر پور ٹامیوالی) is an administrative tehsil (subdivision" of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Khairpur Tamewali is the tehsil headquarters which is administratively subdivided into eight union councils.

Organisation and demographics
Khairpur Tamewali Tehsil's municipal administration is headed by the Tehsil Municipal Administrator while TMOs are also available to monitor developmental, sanitary, and infra-structure projects.
The main administrative districts are Khairpur Tamewali, Behli, Guddan, Inaiti, Israni, Jhandani, Kotla Qaim Khan and Syed Imam Shah.
Khairpur Tamewali is used for military training purposes due to its geographical area. Most of the desert area is under the control of the Pakistan Army. There is also a military airbase which is used to train multiple air forces including those of Saudi Arabia, Egypt, United Arab Emirates, China, Oman and Pakistan.
Languages include Saraiki, Punjabi, and Urdu.
Shrine of famous Sufi saint Peer Syed Ghulam Mohyudin Gillani (Peer Syed Chup Shah Sarkar) is located near Khairpur Tamiwali Police Station, he is one of the descendants of Ghaus Pak Abdul Qadir Gillani and also from the family of Muhammad. His son Chan Peer is also interred with him. 
Another ancient 200+ years old Shrine of Syed Badar Shah Gillani is present nearby. 
Hazrat Khawaja Khuda Bux shrine is also famous for its annual event gatherings for Mela (Urs Khwaja Khuda Bux).

References
Languages
Saraiki is the base language of Khairpur Tamewali To communicate Mostly spoken languages are Saraiki, Urdu, Punjabi

Title: Nadik
Nadik (Persian: نديك, also Romanized as Nadīk; also known as Nadbak) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 333, in 80 families.


== References ==

Title: Ethnozoology
Ethnozoology is a field of study that explores the complex relationships between humans and animals in their environment. This discipline encompasses the classification and naming of various animal species, as well as the cultural knowledge and use of both wild and domesticated animals. Ethnozoology is a subdiscipline of ethnobiology, which also includes ethnobotany, the study of human-plant relationships. However, unlike ethnobotany, ethnozoology focuses specifically on human-animal relationships and the knowledge that humans have acquired about the animals in their surroundings.
The study of ethnozoology sheds light on the roles that animals have played in human societies throughout history, from their utilitarian functions to their cultural, religious, artistic, and philosophical significance. Ethnozoology can be approached from various perspectives, such as ecological, cognitive, and symbolic, and it connects scientific methods to traditional systems of knowledge and cultural beliefs.

Conservation
In a broader context, ethnozoology and its companion discipline, ethnobotany, contribute to the larger science of ethnobiology. The history of ethnobiology is divided into three periods. The pre-classical period, which began around 1860, focused on collecting information about humans' use of resources, while the classical period, which began in 1954, produced anthropological studies on linguistics and biological classifications. The current period, or post-classical period, has been described as a meeting of social science and the study of natural resources.
Given the profound human influence on faunal biodiversity, wildlife conservation planning is becoming increasingly urgent. It is widely acknowledged that environmental health is important to human health, and biodiversity loss can have both indirect and direct negative effects on human wellbeing. The close link between human health and ecological/faunal health is substantiated with five important concepts: animals cause and disseminate disease for humans and vice versa, animals can be guards of human health, animals are used in traditional medicine practices throughout the world, animals are a source of drugs and treatments in human diseases, and animals are used in medical research.

The social sciences
Sociology
Sociology has been slow to explore ethnozoology and grant it credibility. The study of ethnozoology is important because policy makers and concerned citizens are too often left to be informed only by animal advocates or biomedical researchers, both of which are inherently biased. Animals provide humans with a better understanding of ourselves, and how we think and act toward animals has the potential to reveal our attitudes toward other people and social order. Evidence of this can be seen in the ways that animal images may at times be expressing underlying racism: "the most damning testimony given by accused police at the Rodney King trial involved characterization of King as a 'gorilla'; during the Persian Gulf War Saddam Hussein was described in the American press as a 'rat'; and the actions of people in the Los Angeles riots were likened by the media commentators to 'packs of vicious animals'".
Sociology is a science concerned with groups and group formation, including those facing structural and interpersonal oppression, suffering, and vulnerability. Sub-fields in this area include African Americans studies, women's studies, and gay/lesbian studies. However, not much attention or legitimacy is awarded animal studies as a sub-field. Modern use of animals in the developed world, especially in the United States, can be characterized by exploitation, domination, and oppression. Animal cruelty and abuse is not only present in the industrial farming of livestock, but also in such circumstances as dog fighting, cow tipping, horse racing, circus acts, and other entertainment industries and practices. Furthermore, animals are often victims and pawns used in domestic violence. The widespread abuse of animals in modern society is important for sociology because it involves an entrenched assumption about the connection between cruelty toward animals and violence directed and human beings. Some research has even suggested ways in which the human-animal interaction can challenge dominant sociological theories about the self.

Anthropology
Anthropology has done more to study ethnozoology in terms of the history of the function of animals in non-industrialized societies and the role that animals play symbolically and religiously in different cultures around the world. The domestication process has been a chief concern for anthropologists, whose interests are in the history of human desire to understand animals, enslave them, and harness their power. Animal-derived products have been used especially for food, but also for clothing, tools, toys, and for medicinal and magic-religious purposes. Many cultures associate strong supernatural powers between the animal and human worlds, including mythologies and connections with totemic, ancestral, or magical animals and animal-gods.
Animals are given symbolic meaning, as in the western association of black cats with poor luck. Biological knowledge varies according to cultural and traditional knowledge and experiences. People share a basic way of comprehending the natural world based on common evolutionary history, and this foundation connects scientific biology with its historical roots in different cultures. The evolutionary perspective on human cognition and affect indicates some degree of universality in perception and decision-making with regard to the natural world and its fauna. The interaction between these aspects of psychology, biodiversity of the Earth's wildlife, and the unique social, cultural, and economic contexts within which humans interact and develop produces cultural diversity. Paleoanthropological studies suggest that linguistic approaches to ethnobiology have only recently evolved in the context of human history, which suggests that these linguistic approaches only provide a partial understanding to how humans perceive and engage with the natural world around them.

See also
Anthrozoology

References
External links
Notes on Bukusu ethnozoology from western Kenya

Title: Piaggio Boxer
The Piaggio Boxer is a moped produced by the Italian manufacturer Piaggio.

History
The  first series  of the Boxer was built using the underseat as a tank (plastic tank), it had 18-inch high wheels and a small single-seater saddle. Long saddle upon request.
Rare examples of the first series had the front suspension of the  shackle  type already used on the Piaggio Ciao (version B1M); but the vast majority of Boxers left the assembly line with the telescopic fork (B2V and B3M versions).
It had the transmission in two versions: with variator of speed with expandable pulleys and clutch automatic centrifugal (B2V version), or with the only centrifugal clutch and final pulley (versions B1M and B3M).
Another novelty was the displacement of the identification plate, bearing the chassis number, at the end of the rear fender.
The  second series  called Boxer 2 differs from the previous one for the stickers, the frame profile, the front fender without rods, gray plastic and the 17” wheels. It was produced in two versions: BTM (single-speed) and BTV (with variator). The second series did not include a biscuit suspension.
Subsequently, it was replaced by the Piaggio Si, which was practically a modernization, with a new chassis but with the same layout and engine.


== References ==

Title: Open Path Collective
Open Path Collective is a nonprofit network of psychotherapy professionals who offer discounted services to members. Providers offer both in person and telemedicine services. Rates are offered at a significant discount to prevailing local prices for mental health services. The collective was started by Paul Fugelsang in 2013.
Membership is reserved for people who make less than $100,000 per year, and who cannot find providers through their insurance plan. To become a member, clients are asked to self certify that they are financially eligible, and cannot find appropriate care through their insurance. Clients also pay a one-time $65 fee to become a lifetime member. If their financial situation changes, members are expected to reevaluate the fee structure with their therapist. Couples who use the service are only charged one membership fee when they use couples therapy.
The network includes, licensed professional counselors, interns, and pre-licensed professionals; all of which offer their services at different prices. There is no cost for therapists to list their name in the directory.


== References ==

Title: Kislov
Kislov (Russian: Кислов) is a Russian male surname. Its feminine counterpart is Kislova. Notable people with the surname include:

Aleksandr Kislov (born 1984), Russian decathlete
Igor Kislov (born 1966), Ukrainian association football player
Aleksandra Kislova (born 1946), Russian chess master
Marina Kislova (born 1978), Russian sprinter
Yelizaveta Dementyeva (born Yelizaveta Kislova, 1928–2022), Soviet sprint canoer

Title: 2011 Dayton Dutch Lions season
The 2011 Dayton Dutch Lions season was the club's second season of existence, and their first season in USL Pro, the third division of American soccer.

Background
The Dutch Lions' inaugural season was spent playing in the Premier Development League, the fourth-tier of the American soccer pyramid. During their campaign, the Lions finished in third place in the Great Lakes Division and in the Central Conference.
In spite of their third-place finish, the Dutch Lions' 29 points and 8-3-5 record was not enough to qualify for the PDL Playoffs, falling short to Forest City London by six points.

Review
Roster
First team
As of June 26, 2011

Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

Academy
Club
Management
Ivar van Dinteren - Head Coach
 Jack Hermans - Assistant Coach
 Cor van Hoeven - Technical Director
 Zach Huffman - General Manager (USA)
 Warner van Hattem - General Manager (Netherlands)

Transfers
In
Out
Standings
National Division

Match results
Preseason
USL Pro
U.S. Open Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated on 26 January 2011.


== References ==

Title: Open Media
Open Media is a British television production company, best known for the discussion series After Dark, described in the national press as "the most original programme on television".
The company was founded in 1987 and has produced more than 400 hours of television for major UK broadcasters, including the BBC, ITV and Channel 4. It has made entertainment series and factual specials which have sold all over the world. It also produces communications and corporate media for some of Britain's most important businesses.
Open Media programmes have been nominated for many awards by the Royal Television Society and the British Academy BAFTA.
Two different Open Media productions were featured during the 25th anniversary of Channel 4 in autumn 2007: The Secret Cabaret and After Dark were shown again on More4 during the celebratory season.
In 2009 the British Film Institute announced that Open Media, in partnership with The National Archives, the Parliamentary Broadcasting Unit, FremantleMedia and the BBC, makes programmes available online through 'InView' as "examples of how some of Britain's key social, political and economic issues have been represented and debated".
In 2010 the Open Media series Opinions and After Dark were praised as "two of the best talk-shows ever seen on British television" in a well-reviewed book of social and cultural history. In 2012 After Dark featured prominently in a number of two-page tributes in British newspapers on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Channel 4
and in 2016 The Herald wrote "Unlike reality television live feeds today, After Dark was essential viewing, with some very serious talk enlivened even more by unexpected events." In 2020 The Guardian listed After Dark as one of the "jewels" in the history of television.
The company recently announced it had digitised its archive to make extracts from all its programmes available to the film, television and advertising industries: "Interviews, talk shows, magic and entertainment shows featuring hundreds of hours of personalities from all over the world who made rare appearances on our programmes, rare because they did not appear elsewhere on television; or only very occasionally and not at such length; or they weren't subject to such focussed scrutiny as our formats gave them."

Stars
After Dark featured appearances by such well-known figures as Buzz Aldrin, Andrea Dworkin, Patricia Highsmith, Shere Hite, David Irving, Bianca Jagger, Christine Keeler, Adnan Khashoggi, Bruce Oldfield, Edward Teller and Peter Ustinov.
The two series of Is This Your Life? featured extended and in-depth interviews with among others Jeremy Beadle, Morris Cerullo, Max Clifford, Germaine Greer, Olivia Newton-John, Jimmy Savile, and Peter Tatchell: "a must-see, the most incisive chat show on the box".
Open Media has produced talks by such figures as Edward de Bono, Brian Cox, Linda Colley, James Goldsmith, Paul Hill, Dusan Makavejev, G.F. Newman, Andrew Roberts, George Soros and Norman Stone. One such – an Opinions talk for Channel 4 in 1993 by Alan Clark – was described in his diary (later published) as "It was good. Clear, assured, moving. I looked compos and in my 'prime'. Many people saw it. All were enthusiastic. Today acres of coverage in The Times." Another Opinions talk – by Dennis Potter, also in 1993 – was given a cinema screening by the BFI in July 2014.
Among those appearing in a Channel 4 Opinions debate in Westminster Central Hall about democracy in Britain chaired by Vincent Hanna were Zaki Badawi, Christopher Hitchens, Paul Kennedy, Michael Mansfield, Geoff Mulgan, Vincent Nichols, Jonathan Sacks, Nancy Seear and Crispin Tickell.
Sportspeople appearing on Open Media programmes include Ian Botham, Fatima Whitbread and John Fashanu. Musicians appearing include Harry Belafonte, Eartha Kitt, Yehudi Menuhin, Sinéad O'Connor and Abdullah Ibrahim. Comedians appearing include Harry Enfield, Jerry Sadowitz, Sandi Toksvig, Ian Hislop, Tony Slattery, Barry Cryer and John Wells. Magicians include Simon Drake, Ricky Jay and James Randi. Politicians appearing include Edward Heath, Richard Perle, Edwina Curry, Albert Reynolds, David Miliband, David Steel, Roy Jenkins, Denis Healey, Peter Hain, David Mellor, Teresa Gorman, Roy Hattersley, Paul Boateng, Gerald Kaufman, Enoch Powell, Merlyn Rees, Tony Benn and Bernadette McAliskey.
Mary Beard made an early television appearance in 1994 on an Open Media discussion for the BBC, Weird Thoughts.

Productions
Entertainment
Entertainment series include The Secret Cabaret and Don't Quote Me, hosted by Geoffrey Perkins and described as "forerunner to Have I Got News For You and every other comedy panel show thereafter".

Factual
Factual series and specials include 

as well as various films for Channel 4's Equinox, e.g. Secrets of the Super Psychics, Superpowers? and Theme Park Heaven. Another Open Media film for Equinox - The Big Sleep - was the subject of a lengthy article in 2022.
The company mounted an unusual discussion - Weird Thoughts for BBC2 - in 1994. This was characterised in an article in 2021 as follows: "Weird Thoughts, where Tony Wilson chairs a panel of experts debating why the 1990s seem so very strange. There are a lot of familiar faces here – the late James Randi, Fortean Times founder Bob Rickard, esoteric scholar Lynn Picknett – but today the biggest name is the one hovering around the back of the gathering: a young Mary Beard."
One of the company's documentary specials – The Mediator – was described in the British Medical Journal as providing "a new clinical role for a community psychiatrist – namely, healing rifts between gangs of aggressive young men in two neighbourhoods...a lively and well reasoned example of what can be done by a professional with group and family mediation skills." A documentary on advertising agency M&C Saatchi required two months filming: "The brief was to expand on ideas from the company's manifesto...It's the first time the Saatchi breakaway has allowed unrestricted access behind scenes."

See also
References
External links
Open Media
Open Media staff – past & present
Details of all programmes in the Open Media catalogue
IMDB

Title: Portal:Denmark/Selected picture/2008/29


Title: Eduard Kakosyan
Eduard Kakosyan (Armenian: Էդուարդ Կակոսյան; born 4 June 1986), is an Armenian professional football midfielder.

Club career
Eduard grew up being part FC Banants's youth team. He moved up to the main squad mainly during the 2007 and 2008 seasons. In 2007, he had a large contribution in Banants's Armenian Cup glory. Since 2009, he has been a regular for the main team.

Club career statistics
National team
Eduard was a member of the Armenia U-21 team, although he only made 1 appearance. He made his debut for the senior squad in a friendly against Moldova on 12 August 2009.

Achievements
Armenian Cup with FC Banants: 2007

External links
Profile at ffa.am
Eduard Kakosyan at National-Football-Teams.com

Title: Epsilon Circini
Epsilon Circini, Latinized from ε Circini, is a solitary star located in the southern constellation of Circinus. It is faintly visible to the naked eye, having an apparent visual magnitude of 4.86. The distance to this star, as determined by a measured annual parallax shift of 7.63 mas, is around 428 light years. It is drifting closer to the Sun with a radial velocity of −4 km/s.
This is an evolved K-type giant star with a stellar classification of K2.5 III. With the supply of hydrogen at its core exhausted, the star has cooled and expanded to 28.5 times the girth of the Sun. It radiates about 290 times the solar luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,457 K.


== References ==

Title: Viviana Chinchilla
Viviana Chinchilla Ramón (born 21 December 1994) is a Costa Rican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga Deportiva Alajuelense and the Costa Rica women's national team.

International career
Chinchilla represented Costa Rica at the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. At senior level, she played the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games.


== References ==

Title: Crimson Street
Crimson Street is a film directed by David Lai and produced by Johnny Mak . Released in 1982, it is a story about a night club singer who involved in a love tangle with three men. The lead role is played by Sally Yeh. It also stars Kenny Bee, Wai-Man Chan and Melvin Wong.

Story
The film combines action, comedy and romance to add to the story of Sally a night club who is romantically involved with three men, one of whom is Stone (played by Kenny Bee). Stone is a bank robber who has recently been released from prison. Another man she is involved with is a night club owner Paul King (played by Chan Wai-Man). The third man in the 4 player love-tangle is a policeman called Pow (played by Melvin Wong).

Background
For his part in the film, Chan Wai-Man was a 2nd Annual Hong Kong Film Awards best actor nominee. The film boosted the star profile of Sally Yeh.

Cast
Sally Yeh   ..... Sally
Kenny Bee  ... Stone
Michael Chan ..... Paul King
Melvin Wong ..... Pow
Leung Mei-King  ..... Fatty's girl
James Barrett  ..... Mr. Cook
Cheng Mang-Ha  ..... Stone's mom
Steve Mak   ..... Cop
Mr. X  ..... Monkow
Sze Kai-Keung  ..... Fatty
Sam Sorono  ..... Thug
Tam Wai  ..... Thug
Chan Ling-Wai  ... Waiter
Woh Seung  ..... Waiter
Wong Yat-Fei  ..... Fortune teller
San Sin  ..... Kidnapper
Chan Leung  ..... Kidnapper

References
External links
Imdb: Sha ren ai qing jie aka Crimson Street
Darkside Reviews: Crimson Street
So Good Hong Kong DVD Reviews: Crimson Street (1982) Directed by: David Lai

Title: Cryptophagus pilosus
Cryptophagus pilosus is a species of silken fungus beetle native to Europe. It is also present in the northwestern United States, where it is sometimes found as a nest associate of the yellowjacket species Vespula pensylvanica.

References
External links
Images representing Cryptophagus at BOLD

Title: Vicentia Boco
Vicentia Boco (born 22 January 1949) is a Beninese radiologist, professor, politician, and women's rights activist. A trained doctor who served as professor of medical imaging at the University of Abomey-Calavi and head of radiology at the Centre National Hospitalier Universitaire in Cotonou until her retirement in 2014, politically she was the Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research between 2007 and 2008 and president of the Institut national pour la promotion de la femme (INPF) between 2009 and 2021.

Early life and education
Boco was born in Natitingou, Atakora Department, in what was then French Dahomey, and was raised in Savi in Atlantique Department, the daughter of two teachers. In 1968, Boco graduated from high school with a bac D in sciences. 
In 1968, Boco moved to Belgium to start medical training in radiology, which at the time was not taught in Benin. Boco subsequently restarted her medical studies in France, qualifying as a doctor in 1974 from Paris Descartes University. After receiving further degrees in public health from the University of Nancy and magnetic resonance imaging from the University of Strasbourg, Boco returned to Benin in 1983.

Medical career
After returning to Benin, Boco worked as a radiographer. From 1998 until her retirement in 2014, she acted as head of radiology at the Centre National Hospitalier Universitaire in Cotonou.
In addition to her medical work, Boco also taught as professor of medical imaging within the Faculté des Sciences de la Santé at the University of Abomey-Calavi, also in Cotonou until 2014. Her role at the institution led to her being described as the first French-speaking university radiologist in sub-Saharan Africa. 
Boco has spoken out in support of abortion in cases of physical risk or financial difficulty.

Political career
Between 1993 and 1996, Boco acted as a medical advisor to the government of Benin on health and social affairs, during the presidency of Nicéphore Soglo.

Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research (2007-2008)
During the 2000s, Boco became an ally of Thomas Boni Yayi, a banker and politician. She was his campaign manager during the 2006 presidential election, which he ultimately won. In June 2007, Boni appointed Boco as Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research. During her tenure, Boco notably scrapped entrance exams and registration fees for students attending Beninese universities, and promoted strengthening the teaching of sciences, as well as improving science facilities in the country.
Boco did receive criticism from some students for not listening to their demands for free tuition. After stepping down from her role in October 2008, Boco expressed dissatisfaction for what she was able to achieve in the role, citing barriers she encountered trying to implement reforms, and reported feeling that Boni did not trust her in the role.

President of the Institut national pour la promotion de la femme (2009-2021)
It is together that we will fight this fight. We have to teach our men to respect us.
Despite her experiences as a minister, Boco continued to share a positive relationship with Boni, serving as his advisor again during the 2011 presidential election. In 2009, Boni appointed Boco as president of the newly established Institut national pour la promotion de la femme (INPF). 
Boco led the INFP in preparing reports and studies into the experiences of Beninese women, which were subsequently used as guidance by the Ministry of Planning and Foresight. Boco publicly advocated for keeping girls in education, stating that this would lead to them advancing successfully in Beninese society.
While initially supportive of Boni's presidential pledge of having 30% of members of the National Assembly as being women, she also called on him to ensure women were offered leadership roles on every level, including regional and local politics, as well as decentralised decision-making bodies. In 2016, Patrice Talon succeeded Boni as president of Benin; while Boco remained in her role within the INPF, she later reported feeling that Talon's government was not as interested in promoting women's rights as the previous cabinet.
Boco was critical of the diminished role of women in government following the 2019 election, wherein only eight women were elected. She felt subsequent amendments to the Beninese constitution, which promised to reserve 24 seats in the National Assembly for women, were unsatisfactory, pointing out that this only accounted for 22% of seats in the chamber; she also voiced concern that parties would no longer field female candidates for the remaining 85 seats as a result, further hampering increasing women's presence in politics. 
Outside of leadership, Boco also called for greater support for victims of domestic abuse, stating that prison sentences for perpetrators did not help their partners and children, with her feeling a more holistic approach was needed.
In 2021, the government, led by Talon, took over the INPF, renaming it the Institut national de la femme. Boco did not continue in her role.

Subsequent events
In 2021, Boco was selected to organise the funeral of former First Lady Rosine Vieyra Soglo, in recognition of her work around the emancipation of women.
In 2022, Boco criticsed the twenty-year prison sentence given to opposition politician Reckya Madougou, warning the government against using her sentencing as a deterrent against dissent.

Honours
Knight of the National Order of Benin
Knight of the Legion of Honour of France
Commander of the National Order of Benin
Honorary Member of the French Society of Radiology (2019)


== References ==

Title: Matthew Shear
Matthew Louis Shear (born October 10, 1984) is an American actor. He is known for playing the role of Tony in Noah Baumbach's Mistress America, opposite Greta Gerwig and Lola Kirke.
He played Detective Lucius Isaacson on TNT's The Alienist, based on the novel of the same name by Caleb Carr. The historical drama premiered January 22, 2018 and was nominated for Outstanding Limited Series at the 70th Primetime Emmy Awards and Best Action-Thriller Television Series at the 44th Saturn Awards.

Life and career
Shear was born in New York City and graduated from St. John's College—Annapolis in 2008. His film career began the following year with a bit part in director Ang Lee's comedy-drama Taking Woodstock. He starred opposite Zosia Mamet in the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival feature, The Boy Downstairs, released to theatres on February 16, 2018, by FilmRise. He also appeared in Noah Baumbach's The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) and Marriage Story.
His prior television appearances include the CBS police procedural drama NYC 22, the Hulu supernatural comedy series Deadbeat and the Peabody Award-winning web series Horace and Pete.

Filmography
References
External links
Matthew Shear at IMDb

Title: Roxanne (model)
Dolores Evelyn Rosedale (March 20, 1929 – May 2, 2024), known professionally as Roxanne, was an American model and actress.

Biography
Roxanne was the daughter of Kenneth and Thyra Rosedale. She studied fashion design at the Minneapolis School of Art and was a member of the Minneapolis Models Guild. She moved to New York and studied at Actors' Studio and then joined the Screen Actors Guild. 
She was the blonde assistant on the Bud Collyer-hosted original version of the Goodson-Todman Productions game show Beat the Clock. Roxanne was replaced by Beverly Bentley in August 1955. Roxanne did not use a surname in her professional work. She was on the cover of magazines around the world include, Life, Look, Paris Match, TV Guide, and dozens of newspaper articles. 
Roxanne had a doll fashioned after her which was called The Roxanne Doll. It was a hard plastic doll which stood 18 inches (46 cm) tall. It had movable legs which allowed the doll to "walk". They were manufactured circa 1953 by the Valentine Company. The blue-eyed doll had a Beat the Clock tag on the doll's wrist and came with a miniature red camera. She would give these dolls to the contestants' daughters on Beat the Clock. 
She made her dramatic television debut on April 23, 1952, in the "Double Entry" episode of Casey, Crime Photographer. She also appeared in a small role in Billy Wilder's The Seven Year Itch (1955).
On March 13, 1954, she married finance executive Tom Roddy in New York. Roxanne died in Spring Park, Minnesota, on May 2, 2024, at the age of 95.

Filmography
References
External links
Roxanne (born Dolores Rosedale) - Star of Beat The Clock
Roxanne at IMDb
Roxanne Rosedale ~ The Beat The Clock Model

Title: Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation
The Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation is a peer-reviewed academic journal of media studies published by Elsevier. It was established in 1990 and is published in 8 issues per year. The editors-in-chief are M.T. Sun (University of Washington) and Z. Liu (Microsoft Research). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 1.530.

References
External links
Official website

Title: Jonathan B. Wiener
Jonathan B. Wiener is the William R. and Thomas L. Perkins Professor of Law at Duke Law School, Professor of Environmental Policy at the Nicholas School of the Environment, and Professor of Public Policy at the Sanford School of Public Policy, at Duke University. He is a leading scholar of regulation and risk analysis.

Education
Wiener received his A.B. in economics  from Harvard University in 1984 and his J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1987.  He clerked for Judge (now U.S. Supreme Court Justice) Stephen G. Breyer on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in Boston in 1988–89, and for Chief Judge Jack B. Weinstein on the U.S. District Court in New York in 1987–88.

Career
Wiener joined the faculty at Duke Law as an associate professor in 1994, was promoted to full professor in 1999, and was named to his current position as the  William R. and Thomas L. Perkins Professor of Law in 2004. He has been a visiting professor at Harvard Law School, the University of Chicago Law School, and Sciences Po in Paris. In 2006, Wiener was the first law professor or lawyer to be elected president of the International Society for Risk Analysis; he served a one-year term in that post beginning December 2007. He is a University Fellow at Resources for the Future, an economics thinktank. He teaches courses on Property, Environmental Law, and Risk Regulation.
Wiener has written extensively on the subject of risk regulation. His books include The Reality of Precaution: Comparing Risk Regulation in the United States and Europe (RFF Press, 2011, with others) and Risk v. Risk (Harvard University Press, 1995) with John D. Graham, who would later go on to become the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs under George W. Bush. Wiener was a chapter lead author for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), 5th Assessment Report, Working Group III, Chapter 13, "International Cooperation: Agreements and Institutions" (2014).

Selected writings
The Reality of Precaution: Comparing Risk Regulation in the United States and Europe (2011) (ed. with others)
Reconstructing Climate Policy: Beyond Kyoto ( 2003) (with Richard B. Stewart)
Impact Assessment: Diffusion and Integration, in Comparative Law and Regulation 159-189 (Francesca Bignami & David Zaring eds., 2016) (with Daniel Lima Ribeiro)
Responding to Agency Avoidance of OIRA, 37 Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy 447-521 (2014) (with Nina Mendelson)
Climate Change Policy, and Policy Change in China, 55 UCLA Law Review 1805-1826 (2008)
Comparing Precaution in the United States and Europe, 5 Journal of Risk Research 317 (2002) (with Michael D. Rogers)
On the Political Economy of Global Environmental Regulation, 87 Georgetown Law Journal 749 (1999)

References
External links
faculty bio
CV

Title: Richard Chiverton
Sir Richard Chiverton (died 1679) of the Worshipful Company of Skinners was Lord Mayor of London in 1658.

Biography
Chiverton was the eldest(?) son of Richard Chiverton (died 1621), of Trehunsey in Quethiock, Cornwall and Isabella (died 1631), daughter of —— Polwhele.
Chiverton of the Worshipful Company of Skinners was Lord Mayor of London in 1658. He was knighted on 22 March 1658 by the Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell at Whitehall.
Chiverton officiated as mayor in proclaiming Richard Cromwell Lord Protector in September 1658. According to a long report in the Mercurius Politicus, (a newspaper which was sympathetic to the Commonwealth) the proclamation "was followed by loud shouts and acclamations of the people God Save the Lord Protector", but this was not the universal support implied, and when three days later the proclamation was read in Oxford the Oxford dignitaries and troopers "were pelted with carrot and turnip-tops, by young scholars and others, who stood at a distance".
He was the first Cornish Lord Mayor of London and did not fall out of favour at the Restoration as he was considered for membership of the Knights of the Royal Oak. and was knighted by Charles II on 12 October 1663.

Family
Richard Chiverton was married and had a daughter called Elizabeth who married Sir John Coryton, bart.

Notes
References
Burton, Thomas; Goddard, Guibon (1828), Rutt, ohn Towill (ed.), Diary, of Thomas Burton, esq. member in the parliaments of Oliver and Richard Cromwell from 1656 to 1659 ...: With an ... account of the Parliament of 1654; from the journal of Guibon Goddard, vol. 3, H. Colburn, p. vii–viii
Cherry, George L. (1966), The Convention Parliament, 1689: A Biographical Study of Its Members, p. 49
Fairholt, Frederick William; Dekker, Thomas; Heywood, Thomas; Jordan, Thomas; Tatham, John (1844), Lord Mayors' Pageants: History of Lord Mayors' pageants, Percy Society, p. 65
Gilbert, Charles Sandoe (1820), An Historical Survey of the County of Cornwall: To which is Added, a Complete Heraldry of the Same, vol. 2:1, J. Congdon, p. 67
Granger, James (1769), A Biographical History of England, from Egbert the Great to the Revolution: Consisting of Characters Disposed in Different Classes, and Adapted to a Methodical Catalogue of Engraved British Heads. Intended as an Essay Towards Reducing Our Biography to System, and a Help to the ..., vol. 2:1, T. Davies, p. 56
Noble, Mark (1806), A Biographical History of England, from the Revolution to the End of George I's Reign;: Being a Continuation of the Rev. J. Granger's Work..., W. Richardson ..., p. 347
R.R. (5 November 1859), "Titles conferred by Oliver Cromwell", Notes and Queries, Oxford University Press, pp. 382–383
Shaw, William Arthur (1906), The Knights of England: A complete record from the earliest time to the present day of the knights of all the orders of chivalry in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and of knights bachelors, incorporating a complete list of knights bachelors dubbed in Ireland, vol. 2, London: Sherratt and Hughes
Stace, Machell (1810), "Whitehall Sept. 3", Cromwelliana. A chronological detail of events in which Oliver Cromwell was engaged; from the year 1642 to his death 1658: with a continuation of other transactions, to the restoration, Printed for Machell Stace, pp. 174–176
Thornbury, Walter (1878), The Lord Mayors of London, vol. 1, London: Old and New, pp. 396–416

Further reading
"Sir Richard Chiverton (active 1657)", Lord Mayors of London, British National Portrait Gallery
Sir Richard Chiverton (1616–1679) And the Cornwall Connection, retrieved 1 November 2013
Wright, Thomas, ed. (1841), Political ballads published in England during the Commonwealth, Percy Society, p. 168 — a contemporary satirical song about a Lord Mayor from the Skinners Company (probably Chiverton).
Reynolds, Edward, "To the Right Honourable Sir Richard Chiverton, Lord Mayor of the City of London, and the honourable Court of Aldermen —see also Sermon XII. (page 72.) 'The Rich Man's Charge')", The Whole Works of the Right Rev. Edward Reynolds, Lord Bishop of Norwich, vol. 5, pp. iv–vi, 72–105

Title: Michael Perfit
Michael Roger Perfit (born 1949) is an American geologist who is currently an emeritus distinguished professor at the University of Florida.
Perfit grew up on Long Island, New York where he got his love for the ocean that has continued today in his personal and professional life.  He attended St. Lawrence University in upstate New York where he graduated with a BS in Geology in 1971.  He first entered the graduate program at Lamont-Doherty Geological Observatory as a student of Maurice Ewing and later, Bruce Heezen receiving an M. Phil. in Marine Geology in 1974. He continued to obtain a Ph.D. at Lamont/Columbia in Geochemistry in 1977 under the mentorship of Drs. Robert Kay and W. Ian Ridley.
After graduating, Perfit became a Research Fellow in geochemistry at the Australian National University in Canberra, Australia for 5 years where he investigated island arc volcanoes and submarine ridges in the southwest Pacific. Perfit became Assistant Professor in the Department of Geology at the University of Florida in Gainesville in 1982. He worked his way through the academic ranks to become a Full Professor and  served as Chair of the Department from 2007 to 2013.  His research has primarily focused on submarine petrology, volcanism and tectonics. Most of his fieldwork and research has been done on the bottom of the ocean or in geochemistry labs investigating the petrogenesis of island arcs, mid-ocean ridge basalts and oceanic spreading centers.  Perfit has participated on 25 oceanographic expeditions, taken more than 40 dives to depths up to 12,000 feet in the Human Occupied deep-sea submersible HOV ALVIN and more recently has used a variety of Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs) to study and sample the seafloor. Much of his research over the past three decades has been focused on the northern East Pacific Rise, the southern Juan de Fuca Ridge, and Axial Seamount where he was part multidisciplinary research teams that found and studied the first recorded historic eruptions on these mid-ocean ridges.
Perfit has served as the UNOLS Chair of the Deep Submergence Science Committee (DeSSC) and as a Trustee of the Consortium for Ocean Leadership (C)L). At the University of Florida was selected as an Outstanding Teacher, Term Professor (twice) and  Research Foundation Professor, (2011-2014) . He has also held visiting research fellowships at Cornell University, the University of Tasmania, the Institut de Physique du Globe (Paris), the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute, and the Australian National University. He is a Fellow of the Geological Society of America, elected in 2008 for "his distinguished contributions in marine geology and igneous petrology." He was elected as a Fellow of the American Geophysical Union (AGU) in 2013.
He has published over 150 professional papers and articles as well as two books – one is a children’s book written and illustrated with Perfit’s college roommate, Don Brown, - entitled “Older Than Dirt: A Wild but True History of Earth”. The other is an academic book that focuses mainly on the exploration of the deep ocean floor, mid-ocean ridges, deep sea volcanism and hydrothermalism, and the structure and composition of oceanic crust. The highly illustrated book is entitled “Discovering the Deep: A Photographic Atlas of the Seafloor” by Jeff Karson, Deb Kelley, Dan Fornari, Mike Perfit and Tim Shank.

.Selected publications

Brown, Don; Perfit, Mike (2017). Older Than Dirt: A Wild but True History of Earth. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. ISBN 9780544805033. LCCN 2016018643.
Karson, Jeffrey A.; Kelley, Deborah S.; Fornari, Daniel J.; Perfit, Michael R.; Shank, Timothy M. (2015). Discovering the Deep: A Photographic Atlas of the Seafloor and Ocean Crust. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-85718-5. LCCN 2014028680. In 2016, this book received a PROSE Award from the Association of American Publishers.
Lowell, Robert P.; Seewald, Jeffrey S.; Metaxas, Anna; Perfit, Michael R., eds. (2013). Magma to Microbe: Modeling Hydrothermal Processes at Oceanic Spreading Centers. American Geophysical Union, Geophysical Monograph Series. Vol. 178. John Wiley & Sons.

References
External links
Michael Perfit publications indexed by Google Scholar
Education and Outreach: Best in show
Scientist at work: I'm a geologist who's dived dozens of times to explore submarine volcanoes

Title: Benny Luke
Benny Luke (4 March 1939 in Oakland, California – 13 January 2013) was an American-French actor and dancer established in Paris.
He is best known for playing the role of Jacob, the domestic of Renato and Albin in the trilogy of films La Cage Aux Folles. He also had a role in the film Spermula.
As a dancer, he mainly made his career in Parisian cabarets.
He died on 13 January 2013 and was cremated at Père-Lachaise cemetery on 17 January.

Filmography
References
External links
Benny Luke at IMDb

Title: Roy Torrens
Robert "Roy" Torrens OBE (17 May 1948 – 23 January 2021) was an Irish cricketer, coach and manager of the Ireland cricket team between 2004 and 2016. He was also a footballer having won three amateur caps for the Northern Ireland squad.

Career
Torrens was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He made his debut for Ireland on 20 July 1966 against Middlesex.
He represented Ireland in cricket 30 times, including six first-class appearances between 1966 and 1984, in which he took 26 wickets at the excellent average of 15.46. Overall, he took 77 wickets at an average of 25.66 with career best figures of 7/40 against Scotland in 1974 where Ireland bowled out Scotland for just 91. He also registered his highest individual score of 177 after spending an hour at the crease during a club match.
In addition, he also played professional football having represented both Derry City F.C. and Ballymena United F.C. in the Irish League Cup. He also led Northern Ireland side in a friendly match against Scotland in 1971 where he played alongside the likes of Martin O'Neill, Trevor Anderson and Tommy Craig.
He retired from cricket in 1984 and pursued his career as a selector of the Irish Cricket Union where he served from 1995 to 2000. He also served as the President of the Irish Cricket Union from 2000 to 2004. In 2004, he became the manager of the Irish men's cricket team, and headed their delegation to the 2007 Cricket World Cup. The Irish team had massive success in international cricket under his tenure as manager where Ireland shocked Pakistan, England and West Indies in the 2007, 2011 and 2015 World Cup tournaments respectively. Ireland also qualified to play in ICC T20 World Cup on four occasions under his tenure in 2009, 2010, 2012 and 2014. He served as the manager of Irish cricket team from 2004 until 2016 and also served as a pioneer of Ireland's journey to claim Test status in 2017.
Torrens was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours "for services to Cricket and Football in Northern Ireland."

Death
He died on 23 January 2021, of complications from COVID-19 at the age of 72. On 24 January 2021, Afghanistan and Ireland players observed one minute silence as a tribute to Roy Torrens prior to the second ODI match between the two teams at Abu Dhabi.

References
External links
Cricinfo: Roy Torrens

Title: Luis Enrique Sam Colop
Luis Enrique Sam Colop or Sam-Colop (born in Cantel, 1955, died July 15, 2011) was a Guatemalan/Native American linguist,

lawyer, poet, writer, newspaper columnist, promoter of the K'iche' language, 
and social activist.

Early life
He was born in Cantel, Guatemala in 1955.

Education
Sam Colop graduated in Law at the Rafael Landivar University
and obtained his Ph.D. at SUNY, Buffalo in 1994 with a dissertation on Maya poetry.

Teaching career
He taught K'iche' Language at the Universidad de San Carlos, Guatemala. Starting in 1999 he was a Fulbright-sponsored visiting scholar at St. Mary's College of Maryland

Books and articles
Published works by Luis Sam-Colop include two poem collections, Versos sin refugio  and La copa y la raíz as well as various essays and articles.  He is best known outside Guatemala for a new edition of the Popol Vuh in the native language. 
He recently received a Guggenheim fellowship in connection with this work.

External links
Ucha'xik - A growing collection of his newspaper columns in the Guatemalan newspaper Prensa Libre from 1996 to 2011.


== References ==

Title: Ami Ishii
Ami Ishii is a Japanese freestyle wrestler. She won the gold medal in the women's 72 kg event at the 2024 World Wrestling Championships held in Tirana, Albania.

Career
In 2022, she won the silver medal in the women's 68 kg event at the World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia. She won the gold medal in her event at the 2023 Asian Wrestling Championships held in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Ishii lost her bronze medal match in the women's 68 kg event at the 2023 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia. She won a separate match against Emma Bruntil of the United States and she earned a quota place for Japan for the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.

Achievements
References
External links
Ami Ishii at the International Wrestling Database

Title: Roslyn McLeod
Roslyn McLeod (born 17 August 1976) is a Canadian rower. She competed in the women's eight event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

References
External links
Roslyn McLeod at World Rowing
Roslyn McLeod at Olympics.com
Roslyn McLeod at Olympedia

Title: Tanya Pouwhare
Tanya Pouwhare (born Blenheim, New Zealand) is a New Zealand former radio and television personality. Currently she is a New Zealand business executive who has been recognised for her leadership and strong advocacy for sustainable ethical labor practices in NZ.   
She started her radio career at Coastal FM, in Kaikōura at the age of 15, a summer station run by independent Sounds FM.  After leaving Marlborough Girls' college she joined Marlborough's local Iwi Radio Station Wairua FM, before moving back to the more commercially run Sounds FM in 1991. She moved to Energy FM in New Plymouth in 1993, one of the RadioWorks stable of provincial stations managed by Don Raine and Steven Joyce. In 1996, she moved to Palmerston North to work for The Radio Network station Classic Hits. Pouwhare has also worked for radio stations The Edge FM, The Rock FM, Solid Gold FM and Radio Pacific. 
Pouwhare moved to television production in 2001 mostly as production manager. With Touchdown Television she was a contestant in Treasure Island a reality competition television franchise a show in 1999 winning the second series making her the first woman in the world to win a survival reality show, doing so weeks before Tina Wesson won the American show Survivor. In 2004, she became a senior television production manager at Greenstone TV with credits including Crash Investigation Unit and Highway Patrol for Australia's Channel Seven.
Tanya was also a recurring supporting role in New Zealand's children's comedy drama series The Amazing Extraordinary Friends. She appeared as satirical newsreader Dana Dinkley in all three series.
Pouwhare moved to Australia in 2009, to production manage a number of shows and departments for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) There she worked in the Indigenous Department making Message Stick a show makes topical contemporary Indigenous programming. The live broadcasts of Australia's ANZAC Day Parade filmed live from Sydney & Anzac Cove on the Gallipoli Peninsula, and Australia Day commemorations in Canberra.[1]. And she also production managed ABC's Multiplatform Department which included iView, producing digital content and online streaming for the ABC. 
In 2014 she moved back to Marlborough and left the radio and television sector. She is now the General Manager of Grapeworx Marlborough Ltd and Deputy Chair and Human Rights Lead of NZ Ethical Employers (NZEE), where she champions fair employment practices. Her work at NZEE involved restructuring the organization as the then CEO, to enhance ethical standards in New Zealand’s primary industries. She is sought-after globally to commentate on the Recognised Seasonal Employer (RSE) Scheme, a limited work visa program under New Zealand Immigration   on matters related to labor practices and policy within the viticulture and horticulture industries. 
In addition to her operational and governance roles, Pouwhare is an active advocate for people-first leadership, which emphasizes the importance of fair and sustainable labor practices through frameworks such as UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. She has been recognised for contributing to setting industry-wide ethical employment standards.

References
External links
Tanya Pouwhare on IMDb https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0660109/

Title: Aurelie Laflamme's Diary
Aurelie Laflamme's Diary (French: Le Journal d'Aurélie Laflamme) is a Canadian comedy-drama film, directed by Christian Laurence and released in 2010. Based on the Aurélie Laflamme series of young adult novels by India Desjardins, the film stars Marianne Verville as the titular Aurélie Laflamme, a 14-year-old girl who feels like an outsider and is trying to figure out her place in the world.
The film's cast includes Geneviève Chartrand as Aurélie's best friend Kat, Édith Cochrane as her mother, and Aliocha Schneider as her love interest Nicolas.
The film opened in theatres in April 2010.
The film received three Jutra Award nominations at the 13th Jutra Awards in 2011, for Best Supporting Actress (Chartrand), Best Costume Design (Julie-Anne Tremblay) and Best Original Music (Martin Léon).
A sequel film, Aurelie Laflamme: Somewhat Grounded (Aurélie Laflamme: Les pieds sur terre), was released in 2015.

References
External links
Aurelie Laflamme's Diary at IMDb

Title: Mateo Jover
Mateo Jover (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈteo xoˈβeɾ]) served as the Director of Research of the Interamerican Scout Office, Director of Development Education of the European Scout Office, and Director of Programme as well as Director of Prospective Studies and Documentation of the World Scout Bureau.
Jover retired in March 1999. The same year, Jover was awarded the 273rd Bronze Wolf, the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.

References
External links

John S. Wilson (1959). Scouting Round the World (First ed.). Blandford Press. ASIN B000AQMKTI.

Title: Manglish (film)
Manglish is a 2014 Indian Malayalam-language action comedy film directed by Salam Bappu, and the features Mammootty and Dutch actress Caroline Bech in the lead.
The film is produced by Haneef Muhammed under the banner of Red Rose Creations. Manglish is the first Malayalam film to be released in Dolby Atmos.
The film is released on 25 July 2014 during the occasion of Eid-ul Fitr. Later the film was dubbed into Telugu as Malik Bhai.
Mammootty plays Malik Bhai, a wholesale fish auctioneer in Mattancherry market. An English lady, Michelle (Caroline Bech), arrives seeking help but the two have confusion in communicating with others. Manglish is a portmanteau, of Malayalam and English, used in popular culture of Kerala for speaking Malayalam incorporated with the English language.

Cast
Soundtrack
Release
The film was released across Kerala on 27 July 2014. The film grossed ₹3.15 crore in around 5 days.

References
External links
Manglish at IMDb

Title: Mint of Finland
The Mint of Finland (Finnish: Suomen Rahapaja, Swedish: Myntverket i Finland), legally registered as Suomen Rahapaja Oy (Myntverket i Finland Ab in Swedish), is the national mint of Finland. It was established by Alexander II of Russia in 1860 as the mark became the official currency of the Grand Duchy of Finland. The mint was first located in the Katajanokka district of Helsinki and in 1988 the new production facility was opened in Vantaa. Mint of Finland has been a public limited company since 1993. Today it is the owner of the Swedish mint, the Myntverket, and owns half of the shares of the Royal Norwegian Mint.
The Mint of Finland has produced the euro coins of Estonia, Greece, Luxembourg, Slovenia, Cyprus and Republic of Ireland as well as the coins of the Swedish crown since 2008, which ended the more than thousand-year-old minting tradition in Sweden. Since 2017 it has also held the contract for minting coins of the Danish krone.
In 2023 the Mint of Finland signed additional contracts with the Banco de Guatemala for the supply of 400 million coins of 1 quetzal and the Banco de la República (Colombia) for the supply of  370,5 million Colombian Peso coins.
On the 28 August 2024 the directors of the mint decided to terminate operations.  Once current contracts are completed the facility will close down, a date expected to be in the spring of 2025.
In December 2024 the news came out that the contracts where awarded to the Royal Dutch Mint. The decision was made that coins will be minted under the flag of Helsinki Mint

See also
List of euro mints

References
External links
Official website

Title: 2024 United States local elections
The 2024 United States local elections were held throughout the year to elect officers of municipal and county governments.

Municipal election summary
Consolidated city-counties will also be listed here.

Mayoral elections
County elections
2024 Cook County, Illinois, elections
2024 Miami-Dade County mayoral election
2024 Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors election
2024 Los Angeles County elections
2024 Maricopa County elections
2024 San Diego County Board of Supervisors election
2024 Orange County, California elections
2024 Alameda County District Attorney recall election
2024 Salt Lake County mayoral election

Notes


== References ==

Title: List of Greek gliders
This is a list of gliders/sailplanes of the world, (this reference lists all gliders with references, where available) 
Note: Any aircraft can glide for a short time, but gliders are designed to glide for longer.

Greek miscellaneous constructors
Kourouvakalis-Pikros Anemopsaro (Platon Kourouvakalis & PIKROS, Costas Pikros)

Notes
Further reading


== External links ==

Title: Stephanie Izard
Stephanie Izard is an American chef and television personality best known as the first female chef to win Bravo's Top Chef, taking the title during its fourth season. She is the co-owner and executive chef of three award-winning Chicago restaurants, Girl and the Goat, Little Goat, and Duck Duck Goat, and opened her first restaurant, Scylla (now closed) as chef-owner at the age of 27. Izard received a James Beard Foundation Award for "Best Chef: Great Lakes" in 2013 for her work at Girl and the Goat. She has made a number of appearances on Top Chef since her win, both as a guest judge on subsequent seasons and as a participant in Top Chef Duels. In 2017, Izard competed in the Food Network series Iron Chef Gauntlet, where she overall defeated chefs Bobby Flay, Michael Symon, and Masaharu Morimoto to obtain the title of Iron Chef.

Early life and education
Stephanie Izard was born in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois and grew up in Stamford, Connecticut, where she developed an interest in food from her parents. She earned a degree in sociology from the University of Michigan in 1998 before attending the Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts Scottsdale, graduating in 1999.

Career
After graduating with a culinary arts degree, Izard worked in the Phoenix, Arizona area at the Camelback Inn Resort & Spa and Christopher Gross's Fermier Brasserie. Izard returned to the Chicago area in 2001, with a job as garde manger at Jean-Georges Vongerichten's Vong. While working at Vong, Izard met future Top Chef contestant Dale Talde and Heather Shouse, with whom she would later co-author the cookbook Girl in the Kitchen: How a Top Chef Cooks, Thinks, Shops, Eats, and Drinks.
After leaving Vong, Izard worked as tournant at Shawn McClain's Spring, and then as sous chef at Dale Levitski's La Tache.

Restaurants
In 2004, at 27, Izard opened her first restaurant, Scylla, in the Bucktown neighborhood of Chicago. The 50-seat restaurant, named for the Greek mythological  creature Scylla, offered a menu emphasizing seafood and a sweet-savory interplay with dishes like lobster-stuffed profiteroles and grouper with sweet corn risotto and lobster sauce Reviews and awards included three stars from the Chicago Tribune, "Best New Restaurants 2005" from Chicago Magazine, and "Ten Best Small U.S. Restaurants" from Bon Appétit. Izard closed Scylla in August 2007.
In the wake of her Top Chef win, Izard met future business partners Kevin Boehm and Rob Katz of the BOKA Restaurant Group, and the trio eventually opened Girl and the Goat in Chicago's West Loop in the summer of 2010. The 130-seat restaurant features an eclectic menu showcasing Mediterranean influences and "nose-to-tail" cooking, emphasizing the use of offal alongside traditional cuts of meat.
Saveur magazine dubbed Girl and the Goat “America’s Best New Restaurant" in their first-ever restaurant review." Girl and the Goat was nominated for the James Beard Award (Best New Restaurant) in 2011, the same year that Food & Wine magazine named Izard, a "Best New Chef."
In March 2011, Izard announced that she would be teaming up with the BOKA restaurant group to open a second restaurant, Little Goat. Little Goat was an opportunity for Izard to expand the Girl and the Goat's burgeoning bread program. The restaurant offers upscale diner food and an all-day breakfast.
In February 2015, Izard announced the opening of a third restaurant in Chicago's Fulton-Randolph Market District, called Duck Duck Goat.
In July 2021, Izard opened her second Girl and the Goat location in Los Angeles, the first of her restaurants outside Chicago.
In April 2023, Little Goat moved from the West Loop to Lake View, hoping to stick more closely to a traditional diner format. Izard plans to potentially open a speakeasy-styled bar attached to the restaurant in the future.

Television
Top Chef
Around the time of Scylla's closing, Izard signed on to the Chicago-based fourth season of Bravo's Top Chef, which she ultimately won, becoming the show's first female winner and claiming a $100,000 prize. Throughout the season, Izard won two "Quickfire" challenges and five elimination challenges and was on the top eleven out of fourteen episodes. In the Puerto Rico-based finale, she chose Eric Ripert to assist with her prep work in preparing a four-course tasting menu for judging, which prevailed over the menus offered by fellow contestants Richard Blais and Lisa Fernandes.
On the Top Chef Season 4 Reunion Special, Izard won the "Fan Favorite," receiving a $10,000 prize in addition to her Top Chef title and prizes. Until Kelsey Barnard Clark of season 16 and Melissa King of season 17, she was the only Top Chef winner also to win Fan Favorite.

Other appearances
In April 2012, Stephanie Izard was featured in an episode of Hulu's A Day in the Life TV series. The episode followed Izard for an entire day while she worked at her restaurant. About halfway through the episode, there is a planning meeting to discuss the development of Izard's new restaurant, Little Goat.
Izard also appeared on Food Network's Iron Chef America, where she competed against, and ultimately lost to, Iron Chef Michael Symon in a head-to-head bread competition. In 2017, in the first season of Iron Chef Gauntlet, she won through the final round and defeated Iron Chefs Bobby Flay, Masaharu Morimoto, and Michael Symon, earning the title Iron Chef in the process.
Izard was a guest judge in 24/24 Last Chef Standing.
Chef Izard is occasionally seen on Guy's Grocery Games either as a judge or as a competing chef.

Other projects
In October 2011, Izard published her first cookbook, Girl in the Kitchen.  Following its release, Izard and her team went on a national "Goat Tour" to promote the book. While in each city on tour, Izard teamed up with a chef friend in town to co-host a collaboration dinner to benefit Share Our Strength, an organization dedicated to feeding hungry children, of which Izard has been a supporter.
In 2016, Izard launched This Little Goat, a line of bottled sauces and spice mixes inspired by international cuisines.

Personal life
Izard currently resides in Los Angeles with her son, Ernie (born in 2016).

Awards, nominations and accolades
2013 James Beard Foundation Award "Best Chef: Great Lakes" Winner
2012 James Beard Foundation Award "Best Chef: Great Lakes" Nominee
Listed as one of the "Top 10 Chefs to Follow on Twitter" by Bon Appétit Magazine

References
External links
Official website

Title: Li Aizhen
Li Aizhen (Chinese: 李爱珍; born May 1936) is a Chinese scientist at the Chinese Academy of Sciences Shanghai Institute of Microsystem and Information Technology (Chinese: 中国科学院上海微系统与信息技术研究所). An expert in semiconductor material, she was elected a foreign associate of the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2007.

Biography
Born in Guangbian Village, Yongning Town, Shishi, Fujian Province, Li graduated from Quanzhou First High School in 1954, and entered Fudan University to study chemistry. She started her research career at Shanghai Institute of Metallurgy of CAS—now Shanghai Institute of Microsystem and Information Technology—in 1958. From August 1980 to October 1982, Li was a visiting scholar at department of electronic engineering of Carnegie-Mellon University in the United States. During her stay in the States, she visited Bell Labs and met with Alfred Y. Cho, the "father of molecular beam epitaxy".
On May 1, 2007, Li was elected a foreign associate of the United States National Academy of Sciences (NAS), thus became the first female Chinese scientist to receive this honor. As of 2018 Li has not been admitted into the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), and is the only non-academician from China who has been elected into the NAS as a foreign associate. She is also a recipient of the 2004 Academy of Sciences for the Developing World (TWAS) Prize in Engineering Sciences.

Contributions
Li has made substantial contributions to the development of electronic devices and laser technology.

Honours and awards
2003 Member of the Asia Pacific Academy of Materials (APAM)
2004 Academy of Sciences for the Developing World (TWAS) Prize in Engineering Sciences
May 2007 Foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS)


== References ==

Title: The Kid from Spain
The Kid from Spain is a 1932 American pre-Code black-and-white musical comedy film directed by Leo McCarey. Harry Ruby and Bert Kalmar composed the songs, and Busby Berkeley is credited with creating and directing the film's musical scenes. It was Jane Wyman's film debut.

Plot
Eddie (Eddie Cantor), recently expelled from college, is mistaken for the gangster getaway driver in a heist. He flees to Mexico, pursued relentlessly by a detective. There he masquerades as a matador and performs in bullfights.

Cast
Eddie Cantor as Eddie Williams
Lyda Roberti as Rosalie
Robert Young as Ricardo
Ruth Hall as Anita Gomez
John Miljan as Pancho
Noah Beery, Sr. as Alonzo Gomez
J. Carrol Naish as Pedro
Robert Emmett O'Connor as Detective Crawford
Stanley Fields as Jose
Paul Porcasi as Gonzales
Sidney Franklin as himself – American Matador
Also appearing in uncredited roles are Harry C. Bradley, Teresa Maxwell-Conover, Eduardo de Castro, Harry Gribbon, Paul Panzer, Julian Rivero, Walter Walker, Leo Willis, Tammany Young, and the stock company of the Goldwyn Girls, consisting at that time of Betty Grable, Beatrice Hagen, Paulette Goddard, Toby Wing, Jane Wyman, Althea Henley, Dorothy Coonan Wellman, Shirley Chambers, and Lynn Browning.

Production
A high-production feature, The Kid From Spain was provided a million-dollar budget by producer Samuel Goldwyn and engaged some of the finest artistic and technical talent available in Hollywood during the early 1930s. Eddie Cantor was ranked among the top box office stars in the US in 1933: in overseas popularity he out-performed Greta Garbo and Marlene Dietrich. Choreography was provided by Busby Berkeley, and cameraman Gregg Toland, who would film Citizen Kane (1941) was cinematographer.
Goldwyn, a notoriously "autocratic" producer, attempted to suppress any revisions to the story or script, treating director McCarey "brusquely" during filming. Cantor, in his 1957 autobiography Take My Life, recalled how he and McCarey circumvented Goldwyn: "One afternoon we got to a scene that didn't play funny." Feigning illness, Cantor left the studio and absconded for the weekend to McCarey's beach house in Santa Barbara. There he and the director overhauled the scene. Cantor continues: "Monday we shot one of the best scenes of the picture. Goldwyn, seeing the  rushes, was amused and baffled. He couldn't figure out where the scene had come from."

Promotion
The publicity for The Kid from Spain was provided in part by Eddie Cantor, who plugged the upcoming film on The Fleischmann's Yeast Hour, as well as on his vaudeville tour in late 1932 that complimented the release of the film in November.
The film also enjoyed the serendipitous release of author Ernest Hemingway's best seller Death in the Afternoon (1932), a tribute to bullfighting traditions in Spain. The famous Brooklyn-born matador Sidney Franklin is highlighted in Hemingway's book, and makes his appearance in The Kid from Spain, in which he demonstrates his talents as a bullfighter. These scenes were filmed at a ring specially built at United Artists studios and attended by screen stars Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks Sr. and Mary Pickford.

Reception
The Kid from Spain enjoyed widespread approval among critics, as well as box office success. Critic Thorton Delehanty in The New York Post wrote "Eddie Cantor contributes some excruciatingly funny moments" and The Hollywood Reporter declared that "Leo McCarey's directions should land this fellow right on his feet in front of the ranks of the present-day hit directors."

Box Office controversy
The Kid From Spain was profitable in general release even as the US was descending into the Great Depression. Criticism arose when producer Sam Goldwyn introduced the film in "road shows" at select cities for a quick initial profit. At a time when the average admission price to a movie house was less than 25 cents, tickets to these advance screenings were two dollars [$2]. Film historian Wes D. Gehring notes that "neither McCarey nor Cantor was pleased with this less than egalitarian pricing."  Variety magazine, in response, published a review of the film that included the following remark from Eddie Cantor regarding the $2 tickets: "A guy making a small salary must give up 10% of his [weekly] income to see me in a picture. That's too tough nowadays."

Retrospective appraisal
Film critic Wes D. Gehring, describing The Kid From Spain as "a challenging and crazy comedy" for director Leo McCarey, comments on vaudevillian Eddie Cantor's burlesque-influenced contribution to the film:

Even today, with those expressive rolling eyes or his signature comic song shtick of skipping gait and clapping hands, the Cantor energy level still makes Spain a very entertaining picture.
Gehring adds that The Kid From Spain is "overdue for rediscovery".

Footnotes
Sources
Gehring, Wes D. 2005. Leo McCarey: From Marx to McCarthy. The Scarecrow Press. Lantham, Maryland, Toronto, Oxford. ISBN 0-8108-5263-2
Hooper, Gary and Poague, Leland. 1980. Leo McCarey Filmography in The Hollywood Professionals: Wilder and McCarey, Volume 7. The Tanvity Press, A. S. Barnes and Company, Inc., San Diego, California. pp. 295-314 ISBN 0498-02181-5
 Thomson, David. 2003. The New Biographical Dictionary of Film. Alfred A. Knopf, New York. ISBN 978-0307271747

External links

The Kid from Spain at IMDb
Onion A/V Club review

Title: Western station (CTA Blue Line O'Hare branch)
Western is an elevated rapid transit station on the Chicago "L"'s Blue Line, where it is located on the O'Hare branch. The station, opened in 1895, is located within the Bucktown neighborhood in the larger Logan Square community area. It has two side platforms at track level with a station house at street level.
Western was constructed by the Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad to serve its Logan Square branch. The Metropolitan's operations, along with the rest of the "L", were assumed by the private Chicago Rapid Transit Company in 1924 and the public Chicago Transit Authority in 1948. The rail lines that had been constructed by the Metropolitan were significantly altered in the 1950s, a process that created the "West-Northwest Route" in 1958, which was renamed the Blue Line in 1992. After the West-Northwest Route was created, the Logan Square branch, renamed the "Milwaukee branch", was extended to O'Hare International Airport in 1984, becoming the O'Hare branch.
Western station itself was significantly rebuilt in 1930, and again in 2000–2001. Both reconstructions maintained substantial pieces of the station's historical fabric while introducing many new elements and modernizations.

History
The Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad Company was granted a 50-year franchise by the Chicago City Council on April 7, 1892, and began securing right of way shortly thereafter. As designed, the Metropolitan's operations comprised a main line that went west from downtown to Marshfield, where three branches – one northwest to Logan Square, one due west to Garfield Park, and one southwest to Douglas Park –  diverged and served various parts of Chicago's west side. A further branch to Humboldt Park proceeded due west from the Logan Square branch just past Robey Street. The Metropolitan began service at 6 a.m. on Monday, May 6, 1895, between Robey on the Logan Square branch and Canal on the main line. The Logan Square branch was extended to Logan Square on May 25, an extension that included a station on Western Avenue.
The Metropolitan's lines were originally operated by the West Side Construction Company, which had been responsible for constructing them, and would be transferred to the Metropolitan on October 6, 1896. The backers and officers of the two companies were largely identical, however, so this transfer of ownership was nominal. The expenses incurred in constructing the Metropolitan's vast trackage would come back to haunt the company, which entered receivership in 1897; the similarly-named Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railway Company was organized in January 1899 and assumed operations on February 3 of that year. The new Metropolitan, along with the other companies operating "L" lines in Chicago, became a part of the Chicago Elevated Railways (CER) trust on July 1, 1911. CER acted as a de facto holding company for the "L" – unifying its operations, instituting the same management across the companies, and instituting free transfers between the lines starting in 1913 – but kept the underlying companies intact. This continued until the companies were formally merged into the single Chicago Rapid Transit Company (CRT) in 1924, which assumed operations on January 9; the former Metropolitan was designated the Metropolitan division of the CRT for administrative purposes. Although municipal ownership of transit had been a hotly-contested issue for half a century, the publicly-owned Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) would not be created until 1945, or assume operation of the "L" until October 1, 1947.
The CTA instituted major changes on the lines built by the Metropolitan that had been planned since the late 1930s. The Logan Square branch south of Damen was replaced by the Milwaukee-Dearborn subway, which opened on February 25, 1951. With the subway's opening, the CTA restricted the Humboldt Park branch to a shuttle service to and from Damen, and closed it altogether on May 5, 1952. Combined with the replacement of the main line and Garfield Park branch with the Congress Line in 1958, this formed a new route called the "West-Northwest Route", which entered service on June 22, 1958. This route was renamed the Blue Line in 1992. Skip-stop, where certain "A" and "B" trains stopped at respective "A" and "B" stations, was instituted with the 1951 opening of the subway; Western was deemed a "B" station. The Logan Square branch, referred to by the CTA as the "Milwaukee branch" after the completion of the West-Northwest Route, was extended past Logan Square to Jefferson Park on February 1, 1970. Further extensions were made to River Road in 1983 and finally to O'Hare International Airport on September 3, 1984, forming the O'Hare branch.

Station reconstructions and renovations
Western Avenue was widened in the early 1930s, removing the frontmost few feet from the station house and requiring a new facade for it. The new facade, designed by transit architect Arthur U. Gerber, is executed in an Art Deco style, with tan terra cotta tiles and green lettering reading "L - RAPID TRANSIT - L", and was complete by 1935.
By 1985, Western and its adjacent stations were singled out for being among the "L" stations in the worst repair. The CTA began plans to overhaul the station and expected to finish the renovation by 1988. Nothing came of these plans, although renderings were ready by the early 1990s. The CTA again announced in September 1999, that work would be done to the station, which started in June 2000 and was completed by September 2001, before ending in November 2001. The Art Deco facade, which was eligible for the National Register of Historic Places, and original 1895 northern wall were preserved, but the rest of the station house was demolished, as were the platforms and their canopies. Wider wooden platforms were constructed, and a new canopy was constructed that spans the whole length and width of both platforms, with skylights down the center above the tracks. The new station house interior was more spacious and faced a plaza to the station house's south, and contained elevators making the station accessible to passengers with disabilities.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Governor Pat Quinn announced on December 5, 2013, a $429 million comprehensive improvement plan called "Your New Blue" for the O'Hare branch and Dearborn Street Subway, both a part of the Blue Line. The improvements to Western as a part of Your New Blue include a public art installation, called "Remnants | Restos", upgrading the station house, installing secure bicycle storage, a sidewalk canopy, LEDs for the historic façade, and replacement of the roofing, handrails, and guardrails on the north and south stairs.

Station details
Infrastructure and facilities
The station house is Art Deco, as it has been since the 1930s.

Operations
The fare across the "L" was legally mandated to be a nickel (5 cents, $1.37 in 2021) in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The nickel fare continued until temporarily increased by a cent to 6 cents in 1917 ($1.27 in 2021) before stabilizing to a dime in 1920 (10 cents, $1.35 in 2021). Starting in 1922, fares were usually marketed in packs of three rides for 25 cents, or 8+1⁄3 cents per ride ($1.35 per ride in 2021), but individual fares remained 10 cents each. At the same time, a weekly pass was introduced, the first in a major American city, for $1.25 ($20.24 in 2021) for rides outside of Evanston and Wilmette. As of 2022, the full fare for the "L" is $2.25, with a reduced fare of $1.25 and a student fare of 75 cents; passes are available, including a 7-day pass worth $20 and a 30-day pass worth $75.
Unlike other elevated railroads at the time, the Metropolitan did not sell tickets for passengers to present to staff; instead customers gave their nickel to the station agent to record in a registry, a practice similar to streetcars at the time. This practice was ultimately adopted by the other elevateds. Originally, station agents were on duty 24 hours a day; conductors were used on the Logan Square, Humboldt Park, and Northwest branches to instead collect fares on trains during night and off-peak hours from 1931 through 1937, except for the Northwest branch in 1935. They returned to the Milwaukee branch in 1950, and continued in use until 1995.
Unlike the competing Lake Street Elevated, which provided smoking cars some but not all of the time, all of the Metropolitan's motor cars originally allowed smoking. Smoking was banned by the city across "L" facilities and in streetcars in response to a 1918 influenza outbreak, a prohibition that has remained in force ever since.

Connections
Streetcars replaced cable cars on Milwaukee Avenue between Lawrence and downtown on August 19, 1906. An extension route from Lawrence to Imlay, near the Forest Preserve, opened on December 11, 1914, and the lines were through-routed on October 1, 1927. Streetcars were typically one car each in Chicago; two-car multiple-unit control trains ran on Milwaukee Avenue between March 2, 1925 and May 5, 1929. As of 1928, the line had owl service between 1:05 and 5:35 a.m., wherein cars to Devon Avenue ran every 15 minutes and cars to Gale Street ran every 30 minutes; during the day, streetcars in Chicago typically had intervals of eight to fifteen minutes. Buses replaced streetcars on weekends on October 28, 1951, and altogether on May 11, 1952.
A streetcar line on Western Avenue was through-routed between Roscoe and 71st Street on September 5, 1911. This route was extended north to Lawrence Avenue on October 28, 1912, and consolidated with another route to the north to form a through-route to Howard Avenue on May 1, 1923, which was termed "Through Route 10" (TR 10) in 1924. As of 1928, TR 10 had owl service between 1 and 4:30 a.m., wherein a car ran every thirty minutes. Southward extension through the 1920s and early 1930s brought TR 10 to 111th Street on November 8, 1931. Buses replaced streetcars on the outlying portions of the route on August 1, 1948, during weekends on the central portion of the route on December 7, 1952, and altogether on June 17, 1956; however, the central route and the two outlying routes separated by the incremental introduction of buses were not reunited. Streetcars were two-man on Western before June 19, 1955, and one-man afterwards.
Another streetcar route, on Armitage Avenue, also served the station. Before 1906, this was a shuttle to Milwaukee Avenue, but became a through-route between Kostner Street and Milwaukee to downtown. The route was extended west to Cicero Avenue in 1912, and a further western extension to Grand Avenue took place on August 15, 1914. Another route on Armitage, going east of the Chicago River and starting from Campbell near the station, began service on June 19, 1914. One-man cars began on the east route on April 1, 1923, and east route service also extended to Grand Avenue on February 2, 1925. The west route was considered a branch of the Milwaukee Avenue route, using the same cars, crews, barns, and transfers as the route. As of 1928, the east route had owl service between 1:08 and 5 a.m., with a car running every fifteen minutes, whereas the west route did not have owl service, the last westbound car leaving downtown at 12:50 a.m. and night service being covered by the east route. Downtown service for west route cars was discontinued on Sundays on May 1, 1932, to save costs. Buses replaced streetcars east of the River on February 26, 1951, and altogether on June 24, 1951.

Bus connections
CTA

49 Western (Owl Service)
X49 Western Express (Weekday Rush Hours only)
56 Milwaukee
73 Armitage

Notes
References
Works cited
Borzo, Greg (2007). The Chicago "L". Charleston, South Carolina: Arcadia. ISBN 9780738551005 – via Google Books.
Public Information Department (1967). Congress Rapid Transit. Chicago: Chicago Transit Authority – via Internet Archive.
CTA Rail Entrance, Annual Traffic, 1900–1979 (Report). Chicago: Chicago Transit Authority. October 1, 1979.
Lind, Alan R. (1974). Chicago Surface Lines: An Illustrated History. Park Forest, Illinois: Transport History Press.
Moffat, Bruce G. (1995). The "L": The Development of Chicago's Rapid Transit System, 1888–1932. Chicago: Central Electric Railfans' Association. ISBN 0-915348-30-6.
"The Metropolitan West Side Elevated Railroad of Chicago". The Street Railway Review. 5: 263–274. January 15, 1895.

Title: Kath Bonnin
Kathleen Patricia (Kath) Bonnin (17 March 1911 – 14 September 1985) was an Australian army nurse. Captain Kath Bonnin was awarded an Associate Royal Red Cross and she was mentioned in despatches.

Life
Bonnin was born in 1911 in the Adelaide suburb of Hindmarsh. Her whole family were involved in medicine. Her father, James Atkinson Bonnin, practised medicine as, in time, did four of her five surviving brothers – one who became a lawyer. She, like her sister Win, and Winifred Turpin, her mother, were nurses. She qualified in Adelaide and, as a midwife, in the UK in 1936. She took a long holiday out travelling in Europe and in 1938 she became an air-hostess.
The second world war started in 1939 and in the following year Bonnin volunteered on 4 April 1940. She joined the Australian Army Nursing Service as a sister. She was in Adelaide until 1941 when she as part of the 2/7th Australian General Hospital went to the middle east on RMS Aquitania. Bonnin was stationed in Palestine until she went to Tripoli to assist the 2/11th Field Ambulance.
The 1942 Battles of El Alamein found her back with the 2/7th Australian General Hospital which was then operating a Casualty Clearing Station in Buseilli in Egypt.  In 1943, nurses were recognised as an integral part of the Australian army and she was given the rank of Captain.

Captain Kath Bonnin was mentioned in despatches and she was awarded an Associate Royal Red Cross in the 1945 King's Birthday Honours together with four others, Ellen Fenner, Jessie Margaret Langham, Ethel Youman and Martha Hateley.
In 1946 she was sent to London as part of the victory contingent on board HMAS Shropshire.
After the war she worked at the Royal Adelaide Hospital, specialising in looking at electrocardiograms, until 1964. Bonnin died in 1985 in North Adelaide.

References
External links
Biography at ADB

Title: Albatros L 83 Adler
The Albatros L 83 Adler was a small, fast transport aircraft for passengers, mail or other cargo, flown in Germany in 1931. Two were built.

Design and development
The Adler (Eagle) was designed to be a fast, light transport aircraft, carrying payloads of 600–765 kg (1,323–1,687 lb) over distances of around 750 km (470 mi; 7.5×1014 nm). It had thick section, low-set, high aspect ratio (10.8) wings and was powered by a 210 kW (280 hp) Junkers L5 six-cylinder liquid-cooled inline engine.
The wing was in three parts, with a very short, rectangular plan centre-section built into the fuselage structure and containing the fuel tanks.  Its ends were braced on each side with pairs of streamlined steel struts to the upper fuselage. Long-span cantilever outer panels were strongly straight-tapered in plan and also tapered in thickness from below, giving the Adler 4° of dihedral. The wings were built around pairs of trellis type spars and covered with corrugated duralumin. High aspect ratio ailerons filled the outer halves of the trailing edges.
The fuselage of the fuselage was based on a cross-braced, rectangular section steel frame. Its Junkers L5 engine was mounted in the nose and neatly cowled, with its oil tank aft of a firewall and a retractable honeycomb radiator on the fuselage underside.  The region behind the engine contained an enclosed cockpit over the leading edge and a cabin which extended back to the trailing edge; the sides of this part of the fuselage were dural covered and its slightly shaped upper and lower surfaces canvas covered. The rear fuselage was entirely canvas covered.  The cockpit contained two side-by-side seats provided with dual controls and was accessed via the cabin. This was a space 2.35 m (93 in) long, 1.30 m (51 in) wide and 1.50 m (59 in) high, which could seat four, each with their own window, or be used to carry freight or mail. Aft of the cabin there was a small entry lobby with a port-side door and a facing, enclosed, toilet.
The Adler did not have a conventional fin but the in-flight adjustable tailplane was mounted above the fuselage on a small, thin aerofoil-section step with its rear underside cut-away, and braced from below with a single strut on each side. The one-piece elevator was aerodynamically balanced.  The rudder, also balanced, was hinged from the rear fuselage and the rear of the step.
Its tailskid  landing gear was fixed, with each mainwheel on its own bent axle from the central fuselage underside and with drag struts back to the lower fuselage frames. Short, near vertical, rubber shock absorber legs stood between the wheels and the forward spar at the extreme edge of the wing centre section. The tailskid was a steel tube with a wooden shoe.

Operational history
The exact date of the first flight of the Albatros L.83 Adler is unknown but was in the first half of 1931. Two were built. The history of the first (D-2024) is not known but the second (D-2211) was registered to the Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule (DVS) transport flying school in February 1932.

Operators
Germany
DVS

Specifications
Data from Les Ailes July 1931 Performance figures at 2,600 kg weightGeneral characteristics
Crew: one
Capacity: four passengers
Length: 13.22 m (43 ft 4 in)
Wingspan: 25 m (82 ft 0 in)
Height: 3.34 m (10 ft 11 in)
Wing area: 58 m2 (620 sq ft)
Aspect ratio: 10.8
Empty weight: 1,565 kg (3,450 lb)
Gross weight: 2,600 kg (5,732 lb)
Fuel capacity: 400 L (88 imp gal; 110 US gal)
Powerplant: 1 × Junkers L5 6-cylinder liquid-cooled inline, 210 kW (280 hp)
Propellers: 2-bladed
Performance

Maximum speed: 190 km/h (120 mph, 100 kn) at 1,500 rpm
Cruise speed: 165 km/h (103 mph, 89 kn) at 1,340 rpm
Range: 750 km (470 mi, 400 nmi)
Service ceiling: 5,100 m (16,700 ft)
Rate of climb: 2.2 m/s (430 ft/min)
Minimum speed: 82 km/h (51 mph; 44 kn)


== References ==

Title: Capitalist realism
The term "capitalist realism" has been used, particularly in Germany, to describe commodity-based art, from Pop Art in the 1950s and 1960s to the commodity art of the 1980s and 1990s. When used in this way, it is a play on the term "socialist realism". Alternatively, it has been used to describe the ideological-aesthetic aspect of contemporary corporate capitalism in the West.

In art
Although attested earlier, the phrase "capitalist realism" was first used in the title of the 1963 art exhibition in Düsseldorf, Demonstration for Capitalist Realism, which featured the work of Gerhard Richter, Sigmar Polke, Wolf Vostell, and Konrad Lueg.  The exhibition's participants focused upon depictions of Germany's growing consumer culture and media-saturated society with strategies, in part, influenced by those of their American Pop counterparts. In May 1963 the exhibition Living with Pop: A Demonstration for Capitalist Realism took place in the furniture showroom Berges in Düsseldorf. For this 'demonstration' Gerhard Richter and Konrad Lueg hung their works alongside furniture showcased on plinths and presented themselves as artworks.

Sigmar Polke
Capitalist realism is a German art movement co-founded in 1963 by artist Sigmar Polke. Polke embraced the advertising and publicity commonly found in the popular press in renderings of everyday consumer items. Often ironic and with critical overtones of society and politics, the Capitalist Realism movement is considered more explicitly political than conventional Pop Art.

Michael Schudson
In the mid-1980s, Michael Schudson used the term "capitalist realism" to describe mainstream practices in advertising. Chapter seven of Schudson's Advertising: The Uneasy Persuasion compares the messages and appeals of advertising to those found in the Socialist Realism of the Soviet Union. In his account, the realism of advertising promotes a way of life based on private consumption, rather than social, public achievement.

Mark Fisher
The term next appeared in 2009 with the publication of Mark Fisher's book Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?. Fisher argues that the term "capitalist realism" best describes the current global political situation, which lacks visible alternatives to the capitalist system which became dominant following the fall of the Soviet Union. His argument is a response to, and critique of, neoliberalism and new forms of government which apply the logic of capitalism and the market to all aspects of governance.
His ideology refers to a perceived "widespread sense that not only is capitalism the only viable political and economic system, but also that it is now impossible even to imagine a coherent alternative to it".
As a philosophical concept, capitalist realism is influenced by the Althusserian conception of ideology. Fisher proposes that within a capitalist framework there is no space to conceive of alternative forms of social structures, adding that younger generations are not even concerned with recognizing alternatives.  He proposes that the 2008 financial crisis compounded this position. Rather than catalyzing a desire to seek alternatives to the existing model, the crisis reinforced the notion that modifications must be made within the existing system. Rather than shake it loose from its foundations, the crash confirmed to the populace the necessity of capitalism.

Capitalist realism as I understand it cannot be confined to art or to the quasi-propagandistic way in which advertising functions. It is more like a pervasive atmosphere, conditioning not only the production of culture but also the regulation of work and education, and acting as a kind of invisible barrier constraining thought and action.
Fisher argues that "capitalist realism has successfully installed a 'business ontology' in which it is simply obvious that everything in society, including healthcare and education, should be run as a business" (cf. New Public Management).
Following the publication of Fisher's work, the term has been picked up by other literary critics. 
The term has also been used by Japanese scholar Yoshifusa Ichii to characterize the way that the International Olympic Committee and its stakeholders, along with the Japanese state, took advantage of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and the COVID-19 pandemic in order to further expand capitalist profits, state power, and national mobilization. Ishii combines Fisher's capitalist realism with Jules Boykoff's "celebration capitalism" to explain that "the celebration capitalism of the Olympics reinforces capitalist realism by creating a state of exception, which maximizes the flow of capital while invoking the biopolitics of a “new lifestyle” that echoes wartime slogans of national mobilization."

See also
Real capital
Socialist realism
Social realism

References
Notes
Bibliography
Caldwell, John. Sigmar Polke, (San Francisco:San Francisco Museum of Modern Art) 1990, p 9
Gibbons, Joan. Art And Advertising. I.B.Tauris, ISBN 1-85043-586-3
"Capitalist Realism." Artsy. N.p., n.d. Web. 28 Feb. 2017.

Title: Paul Condon, Baron Condon
Paul Leslie Condon, Baron Condon,  (born 10 March 1947) is a British retired police officer. He was the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1993 to 2000.

Education
Condon read Jurisprudence at St Peter's College, Oxford and was made an Honorary Fellow in 1996.

Career
Policing
Paul Condon joined the police in 1967. He became Chief Constable of Kent in 1989 and Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police in 1993 at the age of 45, the youngest person to do so, stepping down in 2000.
His tenure as head of the Metropolitan Police Service was marked by the Stephen Lawrence case, which became a major controversy. The subsequent public Macpherson Report found the force to be "institutionally racist" and that the failure to arrest and successfully prosecute those believed guilty brought about many changes in the way the Metropolitan Police investigated murder within the capital. In 1995, Condon attracted controversy and media attention for stating that most muggers are black.
Other challenges Condon faced were sectarian violence over the Irish partition, the funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales, the millennium celebrations and police corruption, which led to 70 people being charged, 100 police officers suspended and changes to legislation.

Post-police career
Just six weeks after his retirement from the Metropolitan Police, Condon became head of the International Cricket Council's anti-corruption unit, investigating the game's betting controversies.
In March 2007, Mohammed Al Fayed launched legal action in France against Lord Condon, alleging he deliberately withheld evidence from the French inquiry into the death of the Princess of Wales in 1997. Condon was also named to assist Jamaican Police in their inquiry into the strangulation murder of Pakistan's World Cup cricket coach, Bob Woolmer.

Director of G4S PLC
Condon was deputy chairman of the board of G4S until he retired from the board in 2012.

Honours
Condon is a Companion of the Institute of Management. He was awarded the Queen's Police Medal for distinguished service (QPM) in 1989. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace on 20 July 1994. He was appointed Commander of the Venerable Order of Saint John (CStJ) in April 1994.
On 27 April 2001, it was announced that a life peerage would be conferred upon him. He was created Baron Condon, of Langton Green in the County of Kent. He sat as a crossbencher in the House of Lords until his retirement on 21 December 2017.


== References ==

Title: Fabius (horse)
Fabius (foaled April 6, 1953) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from 1955 through 1957, he ran sixty-two times and won eighteen races. He is best known for his performances in the 1956 Triple Crown: after finishing second in the Kentucky Derby. he won the Preakness Stakes and finished third in the Belmont Stakes.

Background
Fabius was a "delicate-looking" brown horse bred and raced by Lexington, Kentucky's Calumet Farm. He was from the first crop of foals sired by Citation, who won the 1948 U.S. Triple Crown for Calumet in 1948 and became an inductee of the Hall of Fame. Citation was considered a disappointment as a stallion, and Fabius was his only winner of a Triple Crown race. He was out of the mare Shameen, a daughter of British Eclipse Stakes winner Royal Minstrel, who was a son of 2,000 Guineas Stakes winner Tetratema. As a member of Thoroughbred "Family" 3-o, Fabius was distantly related to the British Classic winners Santa Claus, Carrozza and Shahrastani. Although Fabius was bred in Kentucky, his pedigree was overwhelmingly European: of the sixteen horses in the fourth generation of his pedigree, only two were of American origin.
The colt was sent into training with Horace A. "Jimmy" Jones and was usually ridden by Bill Hartack.

Racing career
In his first race of 1956, Fabius won the Florida Purse at Hialeah Park Race Track. He then ran third in both the Fountain of Youth at Gulfstream Park and Hialeah's Flamingo Stakes. Four days before the 1956 Kentucky Derby, Fabius recorded a one-length win in the Derby Trial Stakes at Churchill Downs, leading to his being considered a serious contender for the first leg of the Triple Crown: six of the previous eight Derby winners had finished either first or second in the Trial. In the Derby, Fabius went to the front after a quarter of a mile and held the lead well into the stretch. An eighth of a mile from the finish, he was overtaken by the favorite, Needles, and finished second, beaten three quarters of a length.
In the Preakness Stakes at Pimlico Race Course, Fabius started 2.5/1 second favorite behind Needles in a field of nine colts, with some observers expressing the view that the shorter distance and tighter turns could give him an edge over the Derby winner. Hartack sent Fabius into the lead half a mile from the finish, and the Calumet colt held a clear advantage as the runners turned for home. Needles came from well back in the field to reduce the margin but could not catch Fabius, who won the second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown by one and three quarter lengths.
Fabius was expected to start favorite for the Belmont Stakes, especially after a win in the Jersey Stakes on May 26 which led some commentators to draw comparisons with his sire. In his final prep race, however, he ran was beaten six lengths by 23/1 outsider Ricci Tavi in the Leonard Richards Stakes at Delaware Park Racetrack. In the Belmont, Fabius got the better of a prolonged struggle with Ricci Tavi and Charlevoix to turn into the stretch one and a half lengths in front. As in the Derby, he was overtaken by Needles at the eighth pole and finished third, with the fast-closing Career Boy taking second place.
The rivalry between Fabius and Needles continued into 1957, but early in the year it was another Calumet horse, the five-year-old Bardstown, who proved the best of the handicap division. In early March, Fabius produced a "blazing stretch run" to win the Armed Handicap at Gulfstream Park, but in the climactic race of the Florida campaign, Fabius and Needles were decisively beaten by Bardstown in the Gulfstream Park Handicap.

Stud record
Fabius retired from racing to become a breeding stallion for Calumet Farm, but proved to be a failure as a sire of winners. From his few offspring, the best may have been multiple Canadian stakes winner Fabe Count.

Pedigree
Through the influence of his dam, Fabius was inbred 4x4 to The Tetrarch, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of his pedigree.

References
External links
Video of Fabius winning the 1956 Preakness Stakes

Title: Władysław Heinrich
Władysław Heinrich (Warsaw, 1 January 1869 – 30 June 1957, Kraków, Poland) was a Polish historian of philosophy, psychologist, professor at Kraków University and member of the Polish Academy of Learning.

Life
Władysław Heinrich studied mathematics, the natural sciences and philosophy. In philosophy he was a student of Richard Avenarius at the University of Zurich and applied his radical positivism to psychology:  Heinrich pointed out that the new experimental psychology of the time was based on metaphysical concepts and premises, on constructions and introjections. In opposition to it, he proposed a psychology based on pure experiment (Die moderne physiologische Psychologie in Deutschland—Modern Physiological Psychology in Germany, 1897). 
Settling in Kraków, Heinrich conducted research in this spirit (Teorie i wyniki badań psychologicznych—Theories and Results of Psychological Research, 1902).  He authored the first report in experimental psychology to be presented to the Academy of Learning, O wahaniach natężenia zaledwie dostrzegalnych wrażeń (On Fluctuations in the Intensity of Barely Perceptible Sensations, 1898).  
Heinrich worked at Kraków University in the physics department, then took over a chair of psychology and philosophy. He was also active in the history of philosophy (proposing the creation, in the Academy of Learning, of the Committee for the History of Philosophy in Poland). Above all, he was the first in Kraków to develop the new radical empiricist philosophy connected with the natural sciences. He was concerned especially with methodological questions, and was the first to present these at the Academy of Learning.

Works
Die moderne physiologische Psychologie in Deutschland (Modern Physiological Psychology in Germany, 1897, in German)
O wahaniach w natężeniu zaledwie dostrzegalnych wrażeń optycznych i akustycznych (On Fluctuations in the Intensity of Barely Perceptible Optical and Acoustic Sensations, 1899)
Przegląd badań nad wrażeniami barwnymi (A Review of Research into Color Sensation, 1901)
Teorie i wyniki badań psychologicznych (Theories and Results of Psychological Research, 1902)
Psychologia uczuć (The Psychology of Feelings, 1907)
Johannes Scotus Eriugena i Spinoza (Johannes Scotus Eriugena and Spinoza, 1909)
Filozofia grecka do Platona (Greek Philosophy to Plato, 1914)
Stereoskopia monokularna (Monocular Stereoscopy, 1936)
Les fonctions des capillaires et la concentration de l'attention (Capillary Functions and Concentration of Attention, 1938, in French, with Tomasz Strzembosz)
Notes sur les reactions de capillaires pendant l'excitation des centres visuels de l'ecorce cerebrale (Notes on Capillary Reactions during Excitation of Cerebral-Cortex Visual Centers, 1938, in French)

See also
History of philosophy in Poland
List of Poles

Notes
References
Władysław Tatarkiewicz, Historia filozofii, tom trzeci: Filozofia XIX wieku i współczesna (History of Philosophy, vol. III: 19th-Century and Contemporary Philosophy), Warsaw, Państwowe Wydawnictwo Naukowe, 1978.
Władysław Tatarkiewicz, Zarys dziejów filozofii w Polsce (A Brief History of Philosophy in Poland), [in the series:] Historia nauki polskiej w monografiach (History of Polish Learning in Monographs), [volume] XXXII, Kraków, Polska Akademia Umiejętności (Polish Academy of Learning), 1948. This monograph draws from pertinent sections in earlier editions of the author's Historia filozofii (History of Philosophy).
"Władysław Heinrich," Biogramy uczonych polskich, część I: Nauki społeczne, zeszyt 1: A–J, Wrocław, 1983 ("Władysław Heinrich," Biograms of Polish Scientists, part I: Social Sciences, vol. 1: A–J).

Title: Florence Miller (writer)
Florence Fenwick Miller (sometimes Fenwick-Miller, 5 November 1854 – 24 April 1935) was an English journalist, author and social reformer of the late 19th and early 20th century. She was for four years the editor and proprietor of The Woman's Signal, an early and influential feminist journal.

Biography
Florence Fenwick Miller was born in Stepney, the eldest daughter of John Miller, a merchant sea-captain, and of Eleanor Estabrook Miller, daughter of a railway engineer. Privately educated as a child, she read for a medical degree at the University of Edinburgh from 1871, in the year following the Edinburgh Seven, the first females to be admitted to the course. Like the Seven, she was unable to pursue clinical practise and Edinburgh declined to award a degree to her. Edinburgh University had decided against awarding medical degrees to women. In 1873 she took a midwifery certificate at the Ladies' Medical College in London.
Despite her training, Miller quickly moved away from medical practice towards wider spheres. She quickly established herself as a lecturer on literary and social reform topics, debating in London at the Sunday Lecture Society, appearing before the London Dialectical Society (which was engaged in investigating the phenomenon of Spiritualism; James Edmunds, the founder of the Ladies' Medical College was a committee member); and giving talks throughout the country. She was an early and vocal advocate of women's suffrage and, later, in 1889, was one of the founders, with Emmeline Pankhurst, of the Women's Franchise League.
Miller also wrote, as journalist and author of fiction and non-fiction. In the former capacity she contributed very widely, including to Fraser's Magazine, Lett's Illustrated Household Magazine, Belgravia, and The Governess, the Lady's Pictorial, The Woman's World, the Young Woman, and The Echo. She was for 32 years, from 1886, the 'Ladies' Notes' columnist for the Illustrated London News. Progressing in her career, she was from 1892 editor of two magazines for colonists, Outward Bound and Homeward Bound. In 1895 she assumed control of and edited The Woman's Signal, until 1899 a leading feminist publication. She later wrote for the Daily News.
Her output as an author was wide: making use of her medical training, she published from 1878 onwards several books on anatomy, including contributing two books to the Hughes's Natural History Readers series. In 1879 she published a three volume fiction, Lynton Abbott's Children; in 1883 a book on Social Economy, and in 1884 a biography of the writer Harriet Martineau.
After she took over ‘Women’s Signal’ as editor, Florence Fenewick Miller changed the publications tagline to “A Weekly Record and Review devoted to the Interests of Women in the Home and in the Wider World.” This therefore allowed Miller to publish information about fashion, motherhood and the home whilst not sacrificing her passion of educating and informing women about the ”progress in the cause of the equal rights and the general advancement of women”. 
Miller also engaged herself more directly in social reform. She was elected as a Liberal to the Hackney division of the London School Board in 1876 at the comparatively young age of 22, and held office from 1877–1885. Frederick Rogers, a fellow board member, describes her:

Young, good-looking, brilliant and daring enough to talk frankly on public platforms on matters relating to physiology - it required a tremendous courage to do this in the seventies - and very much of a demogogue, Mrs. Miller in those days enjoyed a popularity which whilst it lasted, was one of the most remarkable incidents of the time. The Commonwealth Club in Bethnal Green was packed to suffocation when she lectured on physiology.
Like her predecessor Elizabeth Garrett Anderson, Fenewick Miller served whilst getting married and went further to also go through pregnancy and child birth as an elected member.
She spoke widely on women's suffrage, later in her career acting as an international delegate, notably visiting Chicago in 1893 for the World's Columbian Exposition and the World's Congress of Representative Women; and again in 1902 as part of the International Council of Women. Her international links brought her into association with leading American suffragists. She resigned from the International Women's Suffrage Committee in 1904.
Florence Fenwick Miller dedicated much of her life to the Women’s suffrage Movement. In 1883 she headed a meeting on what was later known as the “New Reform Bill”. This allowed women to the Parliamentary franchise of the same terms as men. Fenwick Miller gave five lectures all titled, ‘Women’s Work in the World” given in July and August 1883. In the Autumn of that same year she gave further talks, namely “Women and The New Reform Bill’
Miller made an unsuccessful marriage with Frederick Alfred Ford; they had two daughters, Irene (who became a WSPU activist, leading direct action, and was imprisoned several times) and Helen, but separated. L. A. Flammang, in a review of a biography of Miller, notes that Ford contributed little to the family and suggests that, in part, the volume of Miller's output was related to her straitened economic circumstances. Miller continued to use her own name after the marriage (Frederick Rogers noting that she changed it from Miss Fenwick Miller to Mrs. Fenwick Miller), leading to litigation seeking to remove her from her London School Board office for sitting under an illegal name: Miller prevailed, and the case established the precedent that women need not take the surname of their husband. Litigation happened with respect to the school boards. Helen Taylor, Elizabeth Surr and Miller brought to public notice in 1882 certain scandals at St. Paul's Industrial School. The home secretary instituted an inquiry, and the school was ordered to be closed. In June 1882, Thomas Scrutton, a member of the school board and chairman of its industrial schools sub-committee, brought an action for libel against Taylor.
Miller died on 24 April 1935 in Hove, Sussex. A biography, Florence Fenwick Miller: Victorian Feminist, Journalist and Educator written by Rosemary T. Van Arsdel, was published by Ashgate Publishing in 2001.

Works
Anatomy
The House of Life (1878)
An Atlas of Anatomy (1879)
Animal Physiology for Elementary Schools (1882)
Social reform
Readings in Social Economy (1883)
On the Programme of the Women's Franchise League, An Address Delivered at the National Liberal Club, Feb. 25, 1890 (1890)
Biography
The Lessons of a Life: Harriet Martineau. A Lecture, Etc (1877)
Harriet Martineau (1884)
Fiction
Lynton Abbott's Children (1879, 3 volumes)

Further reading
Van Arsdel, Rosemary T., (2001), Florence Fenwick Miller: Victorian Feminist, Journalist and Educator, Ashgate Publishing Limited. ISBN 978-0754603313
Crawford, E. (2001). The Women's Suffrage Movement: A reference guide 1866-1928. Routledge, London.

References


== External links ==

Title: Dealu Monastery
Dealu Monastery is a 15th-century monastery in Dâmbovița County, Romania, located 6 km north of Târgoviște.
The church of the monastery is dedicated to Saint Nicholas.

Necropolis
Dealu Monastery narthex is considered one of the largest funerary spaces in the country, here being buried several voivodes, princes and clergymen. In chronological order, those buried at Dealu Monastery are:

Vlad II Dracul (cca. 1390–1447), Prince of Wallachia
Vladislav II (d. 1456), Prince of Wallachia
Radu IV cel Mare (1467–1508), Prince of Wallachia
Vlad V cel Tânăr (1488–1512), Prince of Wallachia
Radu VI Bădica (d. 1524), Prince of Wallachia
Vlad VII Înecatul (d. 1532), Prince of Wallachia
Head of Mihai Viteazul (1558–1601), Prince of Wallachia
Mihail Movilă (d. 1608), Prince of Moldavia


== References ==

Title: Stange Station
Stange Station (Norwegian: Stange stasjon) is located in Stange, Norway on the Dovre Line. The station was opened in 1880 with the construction of the railway between Eidsvoll and Hamar. Stange is only served by regional trains by Vy.
In 1999 the station was almost closed by the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate who required the Norwegian National Rail Administration to rebuild one of the platforms, removing a small one between track one and two, and putting in a broader one between track two and three.

External links
"Stange Station". Norwegian National Rail Administration. Retrieved 30 April 2014.</

Title: Ulf Eriksson
Ulf Eriksson may refer to:

Ulf Eriksson (referee) (born 1942), Swedish referee
Ulf Eriksson (footballer) (born 1958), Swedish international footballer
Ulf Eriksson (author) (born 1958), Swedish writer and literary critic
Ulf Eriksson (tennis), Swedish tennis player

See also
Eriksson

Title: 2022 CONCACAF U-20 Championship qualifying
2022 CONCACAF U-20 Championship qualifying took place between 5–13 November 2021 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The teams compete for four of the twenty berths in the 2022 CONCACAF U-20 Championship final tournament.

Teams
The 41 CONCACAF teams were ranked based on the CONCACAF Men's Under-20 Ranking as of June 2019. A total of 34 teams entered the tournament. The highest-ranked 16 entrants were exempt from qualifying and advanced directly to the group stage of the final tournament, while the lowest-ranked 18 entrants participated in qualifying, where the four group winners advanced to the round of 16 of the knockout stage of the final tournament.

Notes

Draw
The draw for the qualifying round took place on 17 September 2021, 11:00 EST (UTC−4), at the CONCACAF Headquarters in Miami. The 19 teams which initially entered the qualifying stage were drawn into four groups: three groups of five teams and one group of four teams. Montserrat, initially drawn into Group C, later withdrew before the start of the tournament.

(W): Withdrew after draw

Qualifying stage
The winners of each group qualified for the 2022 CONCACAF U-20 Championship, where they enter the round of 16 of the knockout stage.
All times are local, AST (UTC-04:00). (5/6 November matches ADT (UTC-03:00).

Tiebreakers
The ranking of teams in each group was determined as follows (Regulations Article 12.3):

Points obtained in all group matches (three points for a win, one for a draw, zero for a loss);
Goal difference in all group matches;
Number of goals scored in all group matches;
Points obtained in the matches played between the teams in question;
Goal difference in the matches played between the teams in question;
Number of goals scored in the matches played between the teams in question;
Fair play points in all group matches (only one deduction could be applied to a player in a single match):
Yellow card: −1 points;
Indirect red card (second yellow card): −3 points;
Direct red card: −4 points;
Yellow card and direct red card: −5 points;
Drawing of lots.

Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Goalscorers
There were 131 goals scored in 31 matches, for an average of 4.23 goals per match.
6 goals

5 goals

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals

1 goal

1 own goal

2 own goals

Notes


== References ==

Title: Chapel Island Formation
The Chapel Island Formation is a sedimentary formation from the Burin Peninsula, Newfoundland, Canada. It is a succession of siliciclastic deposits, over 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) thick, that were deposited during the latest Ediacaran and earliest Cambrian.

Stratigraphy
The formation's sequence stratigraphy is detailed in a journal article by Myrow and Hiscott. The formation starts in an intertidal zone, then, as the Cambrian progresses, becomes deeper water (outer shelf) as a general trend.
The Chapel Island Formation lies on top of the Rencontre Formation and below the Random Formation.  It is 900 metres (3,000 ft) thick in Fortune Bay as a fault-bounded basin, consisting of grey-green siltstones and sandstones, with minor limestone beds near its top. Small shelly fossils have been recovered – primitive taxa only. The setting is nearshore or open shelf.

Subdivisions
The formation is divided into six members, numbered 1 to 5, with Member 2 split into 2A and 2B.  The Proterozoic–Cambrian boundary occurs 20.66 metres (67.8 ft) above the base of the formation, 2.4 metres (7.9 ft) into Member 2A.
The lowest occurrence of Treptichnus pedum in the succession is 16.25 metres (53.3 ft) above the base of the unit.

See also
Inlet Group

References
Further reading
An overview of the formation's sedimentology and facies is available in Narbonne, G. M., Myrow, P. M., Landing, E., and Anderson, M. M. (1987). A candidate stratotype for the Precambrian-Cambrian boundary, Fortune Head, Burin Peninsula, southeastern Newfoundland, Canadian Journal of Earth Sciences, 24, pp. 1277–1293.

Title: Gamindu Kanishka
Gamindu Kanishka (born 27 January 1987) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Saracens Sports Club in the 2007–08 Premier Trophy on 18 January 2008.

References
External links
Gamindu Kanishka at ESPNcricinfo

Title: United States Post Office, Courthouse, and Customhouse (Wilmington, Delaware)
The U.S. Post Office, Courthouse, and Customhouse, also known as Main Post Office and the Wilmington Trust Headquarters, is a historic post office, courthouse, and custom house, located on Rodney Square in Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware. It was designed by Irwin & Leighton in 1933–1935, and building was completed in 1937.  It is in the Classical Revival.  It is a three-story, cut stone structure with six large stone pillars across the main entrance. the gross building area is 104,669 sq. ft. 

It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. A modern Wilmington Trust office building now emerges from the facade.

See also

Old Customshouse (Wilmington, Delaware)
Wilmington Trust Newark Branch
List of United States federal courthouses in Delaware
List of United States post offices
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilmington, Delaware


== References ==

Title: Morrisonia latex
Morrisonia latex, the fluid arches, is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species was first described by Achille Guenée in 1852. It is found in North America from Nova Scotia to South Carolina, west to Arkansas, and north to Manitoba.
The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Acer rubrum, Acer saccharum, Acer saccharinum, Acer nigrum, Prunus serotina, Betula lenta, Betula nigra, Betula lutea, Betula papyrifera, Ulmus americana, Nyssa sylvatica, Quercus alba, Quercus rubra, Quercus prinus, Quercus velutina and Sassafras albidum.

External links
Butterfliesandmoths.org
Picture of Adult
Bug Guide

Title: The Great Festival of Fujisaki Hachimangu Shrine
The Great Festival of Fujisaki Hachimangu Shrine is a festival of Fujisaki-hachimangu at Chūō-ku, Kumamoto every September, characterized by a parade of Shinto priests, followed by groups of followers who chase their horses shouting, "Boshita, Boshita", in earlier times; but now the parade followers, "Dookai Dookai", or other phrases. Recently 17,000 people participated in this festival.

Name
The formal name of this festival is 藤崎八旛宮秋季例大祭, or Fujisaki-hachimangu, autumn great festival. Previously it was called Boshita Matsuri in Japanese, though it is not used officially, because of a view that this comes from "Horoboshita," or Japan destroyed Korea, although Korea was not in the shouting phrase. However, there are other views, as described below in the section entitled Controversy.
The origin of Boshita is not known; decorated horses were not employed, and there was no horse chasing at the time of Katō Kiyomasa. A view states that it had been used since the First Sino-Japanese War. The use of Boshita was claimed at the time of world exhibition at Osaka in 1970, since Japanese of Korean origin felt miserable at the time of the festival. New shouting phrases have been up to the groups which participate; it was decided upon in August 1990.

Parade of Shinto priests
The climax of the autumn great festival of Fujisaki-hachimangu comes on the last day of the festival. It consists of the parade of portable shrines, followed by a parade of samurai re-enactors, and a parade of decorated horses, chased by many followers.

History
This festival originated in Ho-jo-e (the ritual for releasing living beings), a festival of letting wild animals go into the fields, a Buddhist custom, but which was introduced to the Shinto shrines and of which, Ho-jo-e of Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū, Kyoto is well known. The Kami of Fujisaki Hachimangu came from Iwashimizu Hachiman-gū. However, no trace of Ho-jo-e can be found in the present festival.
The Zuibyo, or parade of following samurai, certainly originated from the returning samurai of Katō Kiyomasa from Korea during the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592-1598). Katō Kiyomasa thanked the Kami of the Fujisaki-hachimangu for the safe return by leading the parade of his followers. This custom continued into the Hosokawa clan period, with three important samurai figures: head of followers, head of spears, parade head.
The decorated horses were originally those for Shinto priests (kannushi), twelve in number, and in the Hosokawa clan period, only upper-class samurai families presented horses. The distance from the shrine to the otabisho (destination of the parade) was short, and kannushi did not ride on the horses. Therefore, the decorations on the horses became gradually gala and greater. The decorations on the horses were originally from the symbols of sexual organs. There had been two schools, but only Ando school has been observed. After the Meiji Restoration, decorated horses were prepared by town people, and recently the decorated horses number about 60. In 2007, the horses numbered 67, and following people (seko) numbered 17,000, indicating that this is the biggest festival of Kumamoto city.

Number of horse chasing groups
The Festival
The festival continues for 5 days. On the first day, the head of Fujisakigu believers prays, and there are ceremonies of lion dance dress purification, musical instrument purification and purification of various instruments.
On the next day, there are a tea dedication ceremony and a haiku dedication ceremony. On the third day, Kenpei Sai (a divine ceremony), dedication of Japanese traditional fighting matches such as fencing, and dedication of traditional Japanese dancing. On the fourth day, purification and decorations of horses, dedication of flower arrangement and travelling portable shrines.
On the fifth day is the parade, headed by kannushi, starting at 6 a.m. (starting ceremony), three portable shrines, parades of followers, lion dances, portable shrines carried by children, and finally the groups of decorated horses. Decorated horse group people are dressed in uniforms of their own, dancing with folding fans, drums, trumpets, shouting "Dookai Dookai" (meaning "how about this?"),  chasing the decorated horse of their group. Some horses run violently and sometimes injure people nearby. These groups are from town groups, companies, and graduates of schools and other groups.
The order of the parade is determined by drawing lots. Exceptions are the top three groups which exist near the shrine; which must do preparations and cleanup after the festival.

Controversy
Korean language
The phrase "Boshita Boshita" originated in the Korean language.  A book entitled History of Kumamoto city, published in 1932, wrote that "Ehekoroboshita" was used as the shouting phrase which came from the Korean language. A Korean association in Kumamoto said that it might mean a great man (Toyotomi Hideyoshi) died.

Erotic origin
The Boshita Boshita was short of Boboshita (did sex) view. In a document by a kannushi of the shrine written in 1870, "Boboshita boboshita was the phrase of horse chasing". Another document written in 1865 "Boboshita Boboshita(did sex) was the phrase of horse chasing".

Japan destroyed Korea
The latter document added that it might be a mistake of Horoboshita. In a letter by Lafcadio Hearn, he wrote that he heard the shouting phrase Korea was destroyed many times, and in a newspaper during World War two that the Japanese people should understand that Japan destroyed Korea, apparently to whip up war sentiment.

1970 Osaka World Exposition
Kumamoto City was going to exhibit a Boshita parade at the 1970 Osaka World Exposition but criticism arose concerning the name of the Boshita festival, since it may mean Japan destroyed Korea. The Osaka World Exposition rejected the Boshita parade. Since then, the problem of the shouting phrase of Boshita had been under discussion.

1989 dispute
This problem was again under fire since the Yomiuri newspaper introduced the Boshita festival in a Korean language book in December 1989. In August, 1990, the Fujisaki shrine audit committee published that it would rate a minus point if a group shouted Boshita. This was reported substantially stopping the shouting of Boshita.

Present status
Many Kumamoto people use of the word Boshita Festival even today, but they do not use "Boshita Boshita" at horse chasing. Some miss the word Boshita even today.

See also
History of Kumamoto Prefecture

References
Higogaku Koza, Fujisaki Festival now and olden times Iwashita C. p 92-105, Kumamoto NichiNichi Shinbun, 2006, ISBN 978-4-87755-231-2
Festivals and modern sociology in religion Tetsuro Ashida, Sekai Shisousha, ISBN 4-7907-0868-3, 2001, p 64-111

Footnotes
External links
Horse festival
horse festival
autumn festival of Fujisaki Hachiman
Fujisaki Hachimangu Homepage

Title: Ardozyga nothrodes
Ardozyga nothrodes is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from southern Queensland.
The wingspan is 13–15 mm (0.51–0.59 in). The forewings are brown, more or less irrorated dark fuscous. The stigmata are dark fuscous, usually obscure or indistinct, the plical rather obliquely beyond the first discal, an additional dot beneath the second discal, and one between the first and second. There are cloudy dark fuscous dots along the posterior half of the costa, the interspaces usually lighter brownish-ochreous, and an interrupted terminal line similarly edged. The hindwings are pale whitish-yellowish, more or less suffused with light grey on the posterior half.


== References ==

Title: Lupinus affinis
Lupinus affinis is a species of lupine known by the common name fleshy lupine. It is native to the California Coast Ranges from the San Francisco Bay Area north, and into southern Oregon, where it is an uncommon member of the flora in several areas.

Description
It is a hairy annual herb growing 20 to 50 centimetres (8 to 20 in) in height. Each palmate leaf is made up of 5 to 8 leaflets each up to 5 centimetres (2 inches) long. The inflorescence is up to 20 centimetres (8 in) long, bearing whorls of flowers each about 1 centimetre (1⁄3 in) long. The flower is purple-blue with a whitish patch on the banner. The fruit is a hairy legume pod up to 5 centimetres (2 in) long containing 5-8 seeds. It’s bloom period is between the months of March, April and May. The leafs are alternate. The flowers color is either white or blue. It is found commonly in the elevations of between 0-2,000 feet.

References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Photo gallery

Title: List of shopping malls in Poland
The following is a list of shopping malls in Poland.


== List of shopping malls ==

Title: Izumi-Chūō Station (Miyagi)
Izumi-Chūō Station (泉中央駅, Izumi-Chūō eki) is a terminal underground metro station on the Sendai Subway Nanboku Line in Izumi-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. In 2023, the sub-station has named Vegalta Sendai·Yursta-mae. In addition to being the northernmost subway station on the line, there is a large bus terminal for commuters to continue on towards the farthest reaches of Sendai, as well as neighboring towns such as Rifu and Tomiya.The area around Izumi-Chūō Station is highly commercial, with many shops, restaurants, night clubs, and other amenities.
Due to traffic congestion near the only exit of the original station, the city undertook a construction project to extend the underground passageway to an area which could facilitate more vehicles. That project was finished in 2005.
In May 2024, it was wrapped to commemorate Vegalta Sendai's 30th anniversary. (See Gallery for details)

Lines
Izumi-Chūō Station is a station on the Sendai Subway Namboku Line, and is located 14.8 kilometers from the opposing terminal at Tomizawa.

Station layout
Izumi-Chūō Station is an underground station with a single island platform serving two tracks.

Platforms
History
Izumi-Chūō Station was opened on July 15, 1992. On December 1, 2004 the first phase of expansion (second ticket gate, north entrance) was completed and on April 1, 2005 the northern expansion is completed, with underground passageways to Izumity 21 and the Izumi ward office. Operations were temporarily halted from March 11 to April 29, 2011 due to the effects of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 25,102 passengers daily.

Surrounding area
Izumi Ward Office
Izumi Police Station
Sendai City Izumi Library
Sendai Children's Space Center
Izumity 21
Sendai Stadium
Nanakita Park (Pokémon GO Fest 2024)

Gallery
References
External links

Official website(in Japanese)

Title: Walter Rhodes (musician)
Walter Rhodes was an American blues musician, who recorded briefly in the late 1920s and was unusual in being a blues accordionist and singer from Mississippi. It was reported that Rhodes may have been the oldest Delta musician recorded. Little is known of his life outside of his recordings.

Biography
Walter Rhodes was reportedly born in Cleveland, Mississippi, United States. He usually played in an ensemble containing himself plus one, or two, guitarists and a fiddler. On his recordings however, Rhodes was accompanied by a guitar duo. He recorded four sides for Columbia in 1927, although only two of them were released. Rhodes musical instrument of choice was the button accordion. As blues historian, Bengt Olsson, stated the accordion was considered "an unusual instrument for blues playing down in Mississippi".
The recording session took place on December 10, 1927, in Memphis, Tennessee. The musicians present were listed as Walter Rhodes (vocals, accordion, vocal effects); plus 'Pet' and 'Can' (Maylon and Richard "Hacksaw" Harney), (guitars, speech). The songs were "The Crowing Rooster", "Leaving Home Blues", "She's A Girl of Mine" and "Left My Baby Blues". The first two tracks were released by Columbia Records on a 10-inch shellac phonograph record, on February 4, 1928. The label billed them as Walter Rhodes with "Pet and "Can". The few assessments that were made of Rhodes' accordion playing, were generally in comparison between Rhodes simplistic approach, compared to the sophistication of the accompanying guitar work.
Nevertheless, Rhodes recorded 18 months before Charley Patton did, the latter often being cited as the 'Founder of the Delta Blues'.
Patton recorded a song called "Banty Rooster Blues" in June 1929. Lyrically the track contained many similarities to Rhodes' "The Crowing Rooster". More than one source suggests that Patton may well have known Rhodes, as they resided in the same part of Mississippi, and Patton could have learned the song directly from Rhodes.
"Rollin' and Tumblin'" (or "Roll and Tumble Blues"), as recorded by Hambone Willie Newbern in March 1929, is a track whose stylistic origins appear to derive from "The Crowing Rooster" and "Banty Rooster Blues". One historian noted that Newbern "may have taken a commonly used melody from Mississippi/West Tennessee practice".
Rhodes is said to have died in his forties, after being struck by lightning.

Legacy
The six disc boxed set of recordings that comprise Screamin' and Hollerin' the Blues: The Worlds of Charley Patton, included Rhodes' "The Crowing Rooster".

Discography
Singles
Compilation albums (selected)
References
External links
"The Crowing Rooster" @ YouTube

Title: Prema Yin
Prema Yin Ranee A/P Kali Kavandan (born 3 October 1986), known by her stage name Prema Yin, is a Malaysian singer musician and former contestant of Who Will Win Malaysia Topstar, where she first became widely known to the public.

Biography
Prema Yin was born 3 October 1986 in Seremban, Negri Sembilan, Malaysia as the youngest of five children. Two of her older brothers (Keevan Raj and Logan Raj) are retired Malaysia national field hockey team players who participated in the Sydney Olympics in 2000. 
Prema Yin started singing at the age of three and was entertaining crowds on private functions. At the age of 14, she started writing her own material. Being proficient on piano and guitar, she wrote countless pieces and kept them for herself.

Who Will Win Malaysia Topstar
In 2004, she joined the nationwide singing competition Who Will Win Malaysia's Topstar and emerged as the winner. Besides winning the cash price, she also received a recording contract with Syncrosound studios.

Musical career
As she felt she was not ready yet to take on the music industry after winning the reality TV show, she decided to hit the Pubscene and joined world music outfit Aseana Percussion Unit to gain more experience as a performer. Participating in numerous band competitions with her band "Broken View", she slowly ventured into the indie scene and worked her ways around there performing at many of Kuala Lumpur's underground music venues.
After splitting up with her band, she joined International Groove Collective (IGC) where she blended her vocals with the eclectic music style of the 3 piece band. By August 2007, IGC called it quits and the band members pursued their own careers. Having carved her teeth in the indie circuit, Prema Yin finally started recording and performing her original compositions.
She hit the studios with AIM- and ARIA-winning record producer Greg Henderson to record her debut EP Eyo Eyo.
Prema Yin premiered her first single Bleed in 2008 to the Malaysian public and managed to reach number No. 1 on the Hitz.fm MET10 and No. 3 on Fly FM Campur charts for several weeks and subsequently gained heavy rotation on Fly FM and Hitz.fm.
She released Eyo Eyo in August 2009 with 5 tracks, one in Bahasa Malaysia and four in English. The title track Eyo Eyo is in Bahasa Malaysia. The English version of Eyo Eyo has been released separately in 2011 in the United States on iTunes and other online stores. The music video for Eyo Eyo was produced and directed by the team of Phuture Phlow and launched on the same date with the EP in Mist Club Bangsar.
The response from the media was very positive and Prema Yin got branded as the new "Rock Princess" of Malaysia. 
Local star sessionists Jamie Wilson and Eric Li have contributed playing on several tracks.
Eyo Eyo was a critical hit that gained four nominations in AIM 17 in 2010. Despite not winning any awards, she was humbled by the fact that she was nominated and recognised by the Malaysian music industry.
Prema Yin toured and played in Japan, Singapore, Germany, United States, China, and Thailand, and in festivals such as the Penang Jazz Festival and Rock the World 10.
Late 2010, Prema Yin signed a management deal with reputable US artist management company TC Music, LLC.
In 2011, she released her next single Marilah which was accompanied by a music video directed by Gambit Saifullah. The video got over 100,000 hits in the first week of release and as, of 2012, over 450,000 views. The video was regarded as controversial and "not suitable" for Malaysian culture as it was considered too "explicit" for the audience. The English version of Marilah is called Addicted and uses the same video, shot in English. This version of the video has been viewed over 120,000 times to date.
In May 2011, Prema Yin travelled to Los Angeles and started working with producers and composers such as Scott Krippayne, Dan Hoal, The Highschoolers, Ra Domini. Prema met and worked with American songwriter Hope Raney and German producer Florian Reutter for her 2012 song "Prove It To Me",  to broaden her style.
Prema Yin has been chosen to be one of the performers for the Arthur's Day 2011 celebrations in Malaysia that took place on September, 23rd at Speed City KL alongside other performers like Taio Cruz, The Kartel (featuring Joe Flizzow), Dandee, Take-T, Soler, Mizz Nina, and Dragon Red. The event was attended by a 20,000 strong audience, and marked the celebration of Arthur Guinness singing the lease for his brewery in Dublin, Ireland in 1759.

Awards & recognitions
VIMA 2011 nominations
Best Pop/R&B Song – Addicted
Best Rock Song – Blow my Mind feat. MON9
Best Rock Vocalist
Best Female Vocalist Overall (won Gold Award)
Best Music Video – Addicted

Hollywood Music in Media Awards 2011 nominations
Best Pop Song in a Movie – Eyo Eyo in A Novel Romance

AIM17 2010 nominations
Best New Artist
Best Music Video – Eyo Eyo
Best Engineered Album
Best Arrangement in a Song – Eyo Eyo

AVIMA 2010 nominations
Best Female Vocalist Overall
Best Pop Song – Eyo Eyo
Asian Anthem of the Year – Eyo Eyo (won)

VIMA 2010 nominations
Best Female Vocalist Overall
Best Pop Song – Eyo Eyo (won Gold Award)
Best Rock Vocalist
Best Music Video – Eyo Eyo

VIMA 2009 nominations
Best Female Vocalist
Best Rock Vocalist (won Bronze Award; only girl in this category)
Best Rock Song – Bleed
Best of luck

Chart Success
August 2009

Bleed No. 1 on hitz.fm MET 10 and No. 3 on Fly FM Campur Charts
May 2010

Eyo Eyo No. 1 on hitz.fm MET 10 and No. 2 on Fly FM Campur Charts
December 2010

Blow my Mind (feat. MON9) No. 1 on hitz.fm MET 10 and No. 2 on Fly FM Campur Charts
January 2012

Superstar No. 1 on Traxx.fm Upstage Charts
Eyo Eyo No. 1 on Indonesian Radio Station Ardan.fm "Ardan Indie 7”
Eyo Eyo No. 2 on Indonesian Radio Station FB9020FM PURWAKARTA
May 2012

Prove It to Me No. 1 on hitz.fm MET10

Discography
Eyo Eyo EP (2009)
Eyo Eyo (Bahasa Malaysia)
Ain't got Tears (featuring Moots! of Pop Shuvit)
These are the Days
Bleed
Higher Love

Singles
Marilah  (2010)
Addicted (2011)
Fight (feat. Reefa) – theme song in Project O&O (2011)
Superstar – theme song for Share the Love and in Julie's Biscuit (2011)
Prove It To Me" (2012)

References
Time Out KL
Westfalen Blatt
The Star Newspaper
Utusan Malaysia http://www.utusan.com.my/utusan/info.asp?y=2009&dt=1022&pub=Utusan_Malaysia&sec=Hiburan&pg=hi_01.htm
New Straits Times
NST Interview
Prema Yin Official Website
Arthur's Day 2011 Malaysia

External links
Official website

Title: Hell Awaits
Hell Awaits is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer, released on April 8, 1985, by Metal Blade Records. The band's 1983 debut Show No Mercy became Metal Blade Records' highest-selling release, and as a result, producer Brian Slagel desired to release a second Slayer album. To that end, Slagel financed a recording budget (Show No Mercy was paid for by band members) and recruited several experienced producers to help in the studio.
The lyrical themes on Hell Awaits include hell and Satan, as with their debut; the intro of the title track played backwards reveals the repeated phrase "join us". Musically, the album features the band's most progressive and diverse work compared to their previous releases, and according to Kerry King, he and Jeff Hanneman were very into Mercyful Fate at the time, which then led to the longer and more progressive songs. Defined as "influential to future extreme metal acts", the most popular songs from Hell Awaits were re-recorded by various underground metal bands and have appeared on several tribute albums.

Recording
Slayer's previous album, Show No Mercy, became Metal Blade Records' highest selling release, selling 40,000 copies worldwide; the success led producer Brian Slagel to want to record another album with them. Slagel hired producer Ron Fair, who worked for Chrysalis Records, and had seen the band perform live and enjoyed their performance. On seeing Slayer in the studio, Fair stated, "Wow, these guys are really angry," as he was inexperienced working with heavy metal musicians. Slagel financed the album, in stark contrast to Show No Mercy, which was financed by singer Tom Araya, who used his earnings as a respiratory therapist, and a loan from guitarist Kerry King's father.

The budget organized by Slagel allowed for professional assistance. Bernie Grundman provided audio mastering, Eddy Schreyer worked on remastering, and Bill Metoyer, who worked on the band's earlier release Haunting the Chapel, acted as sound engineer. The recording featured audio effects such as the intro to "Hell Awaits", a reversed recording of a demonic-sounding voice repeating "Join us", ending with "Welcome back". Still, Araya later stated the album had poor production quality: "Nowadays, production-wise, it's so under par. But for what it was at the time, those are amazing records to me. I guess we could go in and redo it. But why ruin it?"
Drummer Dave Lombardo, on the other hand, asserts the album was professionally done compared to Show No Mercy: "I didn't have to overdub the cymbals, and we had a really good engineer." Lombardo's favorite song is "At Dawn They Sleep", "because it was kind of slow and grungy, but then it had that double-bass part at the end." While recording the track, neither guitarists King, nor Jeff Hanneman who wrote the lyrics, were in the studio—only Araya and Slagel. On reading the lyrics, which featured a misspelled word, Araya sang it as it was spelled, although it's not a real word. The song "Hardening of the Arteries" on the album ends with a very similar section that makes up the beginning of the song "Hell Awaits" and is also one of the only Slayer songs to fade out on a continuous riff.
The album's cover art was done by Albert Cuellar. Araya told The Quietus that the art was put together "overnight", with the scene of "skeletal demon beasts" fighting in hell directly resembling a scene of a 1977 issue of the comic Heavy Metal. It went unnoticed until 2011 when a blog post uploaded PDFs of the story "Approaching Centauri" drawn by Jean Giraud.

Touring
To promote Hell Awaits, Slayer embarked on the Combat Tour with Venom and Exodus. Exodus guitarist Gary Holt commented, "We immediately bonded with the Slayer guys. It was two bands of friends playing with one band of heroes, you know? We were just star-struck."
Inside Venom's tour bus (the first time Slayer had been in one) the band members got drunk with Venom, while listening to Hell Awaits. Araya entered the bus "hammered out of his mind", according to Lombardo, saying "I gotta take a piss! Where's the bathroom in this thing?" Venom singer Conrad "Cronos" Lant responded, saying "Right here—right here in my mouth!" Araya took it almost literally and urinated on his hair. Cronos got up and punched him in the face, the two blamed each other all night, and Araya continued the tour with a black eye. Araya will not discuss the incident other than saying that he was drunk and it was a very disrespectful thing to do.

Reception
Although it did not enter any charts, Hell Awaits was hailed upon its release as Slayer's most progressive recording, featuring a much darker thrash-oriented style, with unusual arrangements such as varying tempos, and dissonant nuances that "paved the way to a wholly distinctive sound all their own", according to AllMusic reviewer Eduardo Rivadavia. Rivadavia awarded the album four out of five stars, saying that it was "incredibly ahead of its time" and referred to it as "a mandatory item in the band's remarkable discography". It has sold over 1,000,000 records worldwide according to Brian Slagel.
In the book Legends of Rock Guitar, Hell Awaits was defined as "a psychotic exploration into the depths of Satanism and physical torture". The book, a chronology of the great guitarists of rock which includes both Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman, observed the band's evolution in comparison with their previous album, Show No Mercy, saying, "The musicianship is improved, as is lead singer Tom Araya's voice, making the band sound less like hacks and more like metal fiends. The sludgy riffs, which were pure [Black] Sabbath, are offset by some of King's and Hanneman's faster solos, giving Slayer entrée into the speed metal realm."

Influence
Musicians such as singer Phil Anselmo and drummer Gene Hoglan cite Hell Awaits as an influence. Anselmo—known for his work with Pantera, Down, and Superjoint Ritual—explained in an interview with D. X. Ferris, author of the book about the album Reign in Blood, that "Hell Awaits just holds the entire thing. Every bit of everything to do with heavy music. [Slayer] are gods, the best band from California, for sure." Norwegian musician Frode Sivertsen (also known as "E. N. Death"), former member of the black metal band Gehenna, says the song "Hell Awaits" and Slayer's music in general has influenced him as a musician, ranking the album in his top five. Dimebag Darrell of Pantera and Damageplan picked "At Dawn They Sleep" among his 12 Favorite Tunes in the March 1993 issue of Guitar World, stating that Slayer taught him "how to play with guts and aggression".
Defined as "influential to future extreme metal acts", the most popular songs from Hell Awaits were re-recorded by various underground metal bands, and have appeared in several tribute albums, such as Slatanic Slaughter II and Gateway to Hell 1 & 2. The song "Hell Awaits" has been covered by Cradle of Filth, Incantation, Earth Crisis, and Mr Bungle, "Kill Again" by Angelcorpse, "Praise of Death" by Sinister, "At Dawn They Sleep" by Six Feet Under, and "Necrophiliac" by Sadistic Intent, Sinister, Benediction and Fleshcrawl.

Track listing
^ † The Metal Classics version features two additional songs taken from Haunting the Chapel. The version of Show No Mercy from the same series (CD ZORRO 7) includes the remaining two tracks from the EP.

Personnel
Slayer
Tom Araya – bass, vocals
Kerry King – guitars
Jeff Hanneman – guitars
Dave Lombardo – drums
Production
Carolyn Collins – assistant engineering
Ron Fair – engineering
Bernie Grundman – mastering
Albert Cuellar – artwork
Brian James – layout design
Bill Metoyer – engineering
Lowell Katz – photography
Brian Slagel – production
Slayer – production

Charts


== References ==

Title: Boulevard de la Madeleine
The Boulevard de la Madeleine (French pronunciation: [bulvaʁ də la madlɛn]) is one of the 11 original grands boulevards of Paris, France, a chain of roads running in a semicircle on the right bank of Paris where the city's defensive walls used to be located.
The boulevard is named after the nearby Église de la Madeleine.

Notable addresses
No. 5: In the 1920s, la Galerie Adolphe LeGoup was located here.
No. 11: Building where Alphonsine Plessis, better known as Marie Duplessis died in February 1847. Her life and death were depicted by Alexandre Dumas fils in the novel la Dame aux Camélias and by Giuseppe Verdi in the opera La Traviata.

Cultural references
In 1966, The Moody Blues recorded a single named after this boulevard.


== References ==

Title: George Venables-Vernon, 2nd Baron Vernon
George Venables-Vernon, 2nd Baron Vernon (9 May 1735 – 18 June 1813), was the 2nd Baron Vernon of Kinderton. He acceded to the title in 1780 after the death of his father George Venables-Vernon, first Baron Vernon of Kinderton.

Early life
He was the only son of George Venables-Vernon, 1st Baron Vernon and, his first wife, Hon. Mary Howard, daughter of Thomas Howard, 6th Baron Howard of Effingham. His paternal grandparents were Henry Vernon, MP for Staffordshire and Newcastle-under-Lyme, and the former Anne Pigott (daughter and heiress of Thomas Pigott of Chetwynd).
Vernon was educated at Westminster School and at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, proceeding MA in 1755.

Career
He served as a Whig member of parliament for Weobley from 1757 to 1761, Bramber from 1762 to 1768 and Glamorganshire from 1768 to 1780. "Only one speech by him is reported: 1 May 1769, on a point of privilege."
Through his first wife, he inherited the Briton Ferry estate in Glamorgan and Newick Park in Sussex in 1750 and served as vice president of the Welch Charity. He inherited the family seat at Sudbury Hall in Derbyshire in 1780 on the death of his father.  Bradwall Hall, near Sandbach, Cheshire, was also owned by the Barons Vernon until it was conveyed to John Latham, president of the Royal College of Physicians.

Personal life
His first wife was Hon. Louisa Barbara Mansel, daughter of Bussy Mansel, last Baron Mansel of Margam. They wed on 16 July 1757 and had two sons and two daughters, who died young, including:

George Venables-Vernon (1761–1763), who died young and was buried at Newick.
George Venables-Vernon (1773–1773), who died in infancy and was also buried at Newick.
He married secondly, Jane Georgiana Fauquier, daughter of William Fauquier of Hanover, on 25 May 1786. With her he had two more daughters, one of whom died young, including:

Hon. Georgiana Venables-Vernon (1788–1824), who married, as his first wife, Edward Harbord, 3rd Baron Suffield, in 1809.
After Vernon died in 1813, his title passed to his half-brother Henry, the eldest son of the first Baron's third marriage.

Legacy
His full-length portrait was painted by Thomas Gainsborough (1727–1788) in 1767. The painting, which is often referred to as "The Hunting Lord," belongs to Southampton City Art Gallery's permanent collection, acquired 1957.


== References ==

Title: Columbine effect
The Columbine effect is the legacy and impact of the Columbine High School massacre ("Columbine"), which occurred on April 20, 1999, at Columbine High School in Columbine, Colorado. The shooting has had an effect on school safety, policing tactics, prevention methods (including gun control and metal detectors), and inspired numerous copycat crimes, with many killers taking their inspiration from Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold by describing the two perpetrators as being martyrs or heroes.
Columbine has also had a significant impact on popular culture, with Harris and Klebold often seen and mentioned in several forms of media. Media stories often reference Harris, Klebold and the massacre whenever another school shooting occurs.
The impact of Columbine is felt not only in terms of school safety and popular culture, but it also raises worries about student rights violations and excessive use of force in law enforcement methods. The event demands a reevaluation of mental health advocacy and intervention tactics to avoid situations where a person becomes dangerous to themselves or others. All these different results show how the Columbine effect greatly influences society.

Background
On April 20, 1999, Columbine High School seniors Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold murdered 13 students and one teacher and injured 23 others. About 49 minutes after the shooting began, Harris and Klebold took their own lives in the library, where the majority of their victims died. At the time, it was the deadliest shooting at a high school in American history. The shooting was the most covered news story of 1999, and third most followed by the American public of the entire decade, surpassing the death of John F. Kennedy Jr. in a plane crash and the Kosovo War.

Effects on schools
Following the Columbine shooting, schools across the United States instituted new security measures such as transparent backpacks, metal detectors, school uniforms, and security guards. Some schools implemented the numbering of school doors to improve public safety response. Several schools throughout the country resorted to requiring students to wear computer-generated IDs.
Schools also adopted a zero-tolerance approach to possession of weapons and threatening behavior by students. Several social science experts feel the zero-tolerance approach adopted in schools has been implemented too harshly, however, with unintended consequences creating other problems.
In addition to this, the shooting also affected student speech rights. School officials became more concerned about student expression, mainly if it was violent or threatening, which put students' First Amendment rights at risk. There have been legal battles over students' rights to free expression, as different judges have had varying interpretations of what constitutes a genuine threat and how much discretion school officials should have in regulating student speech. This has made it a complex issue for schools and courts to balance safety and freedom of expression.

Police tactics
Police departments have reassessed their tactics and have since trained for Columbine-like situations after criticism over the slow response and progress of the SWAT teams during the shooting. First responders face numerous challenges when entering situations like this. In a similar incident, a Police Department had to deal with over 1500 misleading calls to the dispatch center during the first two hours of the incident, which underscores the difficulties that law enforcement officials face in managing misinformation distractions during active shooter incidents.
Training has been increased and now includes quick deployment rules while schools are rethinking emergency policies. The Pacifica CA Police Department has created a tactical playbook that gives planning and equips responders with strategic direction for coordinating responses between agencies when facing mass violence.
Police followed a traditional tactic at Columbine: surround the building, set up a perimeter, and contain the damage. That approach has been replaced by a tactic known as the Immediate Action Rapid Deployment tactic. This tactic calls for a team to advance into the site of any ongoing shooting, but even with just a single officer if more are not available. In fact, the majority of active shooters are stopped by a single officer. Police officers using this tactic are trained to move toward the sound of gunfire in formation and neutralize the shooter as quickly as possible. There has been widespread adoption of high-strength body armor and patrol rifles by police departments across the United States in response to the increased active shooter threat. Their goal is to stop the shooter at all costs; they are to walk past wounded victims, as the aim is to prevent the shooter from killing or wounding more. Dave Cullen has stated: "The active protocol has proved successful at numerous shootings...At Virginia Tech alone, it probably saved dozens of lives."
The Russian Prosecutor General's Office actively sought to deter incitement to commit such copycat attacks. On 2 February 2022, with immediate effect, the Supreme Court declared the "Columbine" movement as a terrorist group. Whilst the motivation for the ruling is unknown, terrorist activity in Russia is punishable by a sentence of life imprisonment.

Influence on other shootings
The Columbine shootings influenced subsequent school shootings, with several such plots mentioning it. Fear of copycats has sometimes led to the closing of entire school districts. According to psychiatrist Edwin Fuller Torrey of the Treatment Advocacy Center, a legacy of the Columbine shootings is its "allure to disaffected youth." Ralph Larkin examined twelve major school shootings in the US in the following eight years and found that in eight of those, "the shooters made explicit reference to Harris and Klebold."
A 2015 investigation by CNN identified "more than 40 people...charged with Columbine-style plots." A 2014 investigation by ABC News identified "at least 17 attacks and another 36 alleged plots or serious threats against schools since the assault on Columbine High School that can be tied to the 1999 massacre." Ties identified by ABC News included online research by the perpetrators into the Columbine shooting, clipping news coverage and images of Columbine, explicit statements of admiration of Harris and Klebold, such as writings in journals and on social media, in video posts, and in police interviews, timing planned to an anniversary of Columbine, plans to exceed the Columbine victim counts, and other ties.
In 2015, journalist Malcolm Gladwell writing in The New Yorker magazine proposed a threshold model of school shootings in which Harris and Klebold were the triggering actors in "a slow-motion, ever-evolving riot, in which each new participant's action makes sense in reaction to and in combination with those who came before."
FBI former profiler Mary Ellen O'Toole said on CNN during the 20th anniversary of the massacre in 2019, and during the manhunt of Florida teenager Sol Pais, that she opposed the release of the Basement Tapes because of the call made by Eric Harris to other would-be shooters to "join him in infamy". She also highlighted that it was most likely males to be obsessed by the shooting and that the case of Sol Pais was rare due to her being a female.
The Treatment Advocacy Center was set up in 1998 by Dr. Fuller. This Center's primary goal is to push for changes that cover all aspects of treatment for severe mental illness (SMI), primarily legal obstacles in getting this type of care, so that people with SMI get the backing and treatment they require to flourish. 
Assisted Outpatient Treatment (AOT) is a method of giving mental health services in the community under civil court commitment. The AOT programs prioritize ensuring people stick with treatments and keeping safety within communities while offering a planned approach to support those with SMI.

Copycats
The first copycat may have been the W. R. Myers High School shooting, just eight days after Columbine, when a 14-year-old Canadian student went into his former school in Taber, Alberta at lunchtime with a sawed off .22 rifle under his dark blue trench coat, and opened fire, killing one student. A month after the massacre, Heritage High School in Conyers, Georgia, had a shooting which Attorney General Janet Reno called a Columbine "copycat". A friend of Harris and Klebold, Eric Veik, was arrested after threatening to "finish the job" at Columbine High School in October 1999.
Another case was in Germany in 2002. The expelled student Robert Steinhäuser involved was seeking payback against teachers, like the Columbine shooters. In Germany again, at the Amadon School, the shooter admired Eric Harris in his diary.
Another example is the Jokela High School massacre in Finland in 2007. The perpetrator, Pekka-Eric Auvinen, wore a T-shirt with a message like the one by Klebold and Harris at Columbine, reading "Humanity is Overrated". These cases show how Columbine's ideas led to other attacks. 
In 2001, Charles Andrew Williams, the perpetrator of the Santana High School shooting, reportedly told his friends that he was going to "pull a Columbine," though none of them took him seriously. In 2005, Jeff Weise, who also wore a trench coat, killed his grandfather, who was a police officer, and his girlfriend. He took his grandfather's weapon and his squad car, and drove to his former high school in Red Lake and murdered several students before killing himself. In an apparent reference to Columbine, he asked one student if they believed in God.
The perpetrator of the Dawson College shooting wrote a note praising Harris and Klebold. Convicted students Brian Draper and Torey Adamcik of Pocatello High School in Idaho, who murdered their classmate Cassie Jo Stoddart, mentioned Harris and Klebold in their homemade videos, and were reportedly planning a "Columbine-like" shooting. The perpetrator of the Emsdetten school shooting praised Harris in his diary.
In September 2006, a student at East High School in Green Bay, Wisconsin informed school staff of a plot to carry out a "Columbine Style" attack on the school. A search of the involved students' homes yielded weapons and improvised explosives. Two students served time in prison for conspiracy to commit first-degree intentional homicide. A third student was given a lesser sentence for conspiracy to damage property with explosives.
In a self-made video recording sent to the news media by Seung-Hui Cho prior to his committing the Virginia Tech shootings, he referred to the Columbine massacre as an apparent motivation. In the recording, he wore a backwards baseball cap and 
referred to Harris and Klebold as "martyrs."
Adam Lanza, the perpetrator of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, had "an obsession with mass murders, in particular, the April 1999 shootings at Columbine High School in Colorado."
In 2011, Tristan van der Vlis shot and killed six people in a shopping mall in Alphen aan den Rijn in the Netherlands before taking his own life. He was obsessed with the Columbine shootings. The date he chose for his attack was April 9, which was the birthday of Eric Harris, and he started shooting at 12:08 pm, the time when Harris died by suicide.
In June 2014, a married couple, Jerad and Amanda Miller, shot and killed two Las Vegas police officers and an intervening civilian before being confronted by police. Jerad Miller was fatally shot by an officer while Amanda Miller died by suicide shortly afterwards. They both talked about committing "the next Columbine" and idolized Harris and Klebold according to a neighbor's account.
The Tumblr fandom gained widespread media attention in February 2015 after three of its members conspired to commit a mass shooting at a Halifax mall on Valentine's Day. In 2017, two 15-year-old school boys from Northallerton, England, were charged with conspiracy to murder after becoming infatuated with the crime and "hero-worshipping" Harris and Klebold.
Randy Stair, the perpetrator of the Eaton Township Weis Markets shooting had a fascination with the Columbine High School massacre and Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. In his writings, Stair called the Columbine shooters his heroes, wishing he could have met them, and said Harris was his idol out of the two boys.
the 2018 Perm school stabbing occurred in Perm, Russia on the morning of January 15, 2018. The perpetrators,  16-year-old former student Lev Bijakov and tenth-grader Alexander Buslidze attacked students and a teacher with knives, after which they attempted suicide. As a result of the attack, 15 people were injured, including the perpetrators. The two teens were said to be inspired by Harris and Klebold.
The Kerch Polytechnic College massacre appears to be a copycat crime. The shooter wore a white shirt which said "Hatred" (in Russian), one fingerless glove, planted bombs, and died by suicide with a shotgun in the library, all very similar to Harris' outfit and suicide.
Guilherme Taucci Monteiro and Luiz Henrique de Castro, the perpetrators of the Suzano massacre were inspired by the Columbine High School massacre; they hoped their attack would draw more attention than the Columbine massacre.
On January 10, 2020, an 11-year-old student identified as José Ángel Ramos Betts perpetrated the Colegio Cervantes shooting, killing a teacher and wounding multiple teachers and classmates shortly before turning the gun on himself. The assailant wore a white t-shirt that read "Natural selection" and pants with black suspenders, which were reported as referring to Eric Harris.
In September 2021, two teens were arrested in Lee County, Florida, and were accused of plotting a school shooting. A search conducted of the teen's homes showed a map of the school with security cameras labeled. Several knives and a gun were also found. The Sheriff Department said the teens had a "particular interest in Columbine" and that they had been ordered to undergo mental evaluation before possible charges being filed. Additionally four teenagers were charged in Pennsylvania, after a police investigation found detailed evidence of a plan to target Dunmore High School outside of Scranton, Pennsylvania, on April 20, 2024, the 25th anniversary of the attack. Text messages between the students planning the attack, claiming "dibs" on certain potential victims, and that they wanted "everything to go down like Columbine".
In August 2022, the perpetrator of the 2022 Bend, Oregon shooting wrote in an online manifesto he was partially influenced by the Columbine massacre. 
New discoveries stress the possibility of spread, showing that there is a greater danger of more shootings nearby within about two weeks after an initial instance. Nevertheless, not all research concurs with this timing sequence.
One state's school shooting can influence the probability of shootings in schools of nearby states and the same state in upcoming years, stressing how these incidents are connected. For instance, divorce rate has a significant positive effect on the intensity level of school shooting cases. However, the percentage of minorities shows a negative impact, although not statistically significant yet. These results highlight the intricate social and economic elements involved, requiring broad-ranging approaches to tackle them well.

List of alleged copycat incidents
In popular culture
A video game called Super Columbine Massacre RPG! was based on the massacre.
The 2016 biographical film I'm Not Ashamed, based on the journals of Rachel Scott, includes alleged glimpses of Harris's and Klebold's lives and interactions with other students at Columbine High School. The 1999 black comedy, Duck! The Carbine High Massacre is inspired by the Columbine massacre. The 2003 Gus Van Sant film Elephant (which won the Palme d'Or at that year's Cannes Film Festival) depicts a fictional school shooting, but is based in part on the Columbine massacre. The 2003 Ben Coccio film Zero Day was also based on the massacre.
The 2005 Lifetime film Dawn Anna is based on the struggles of Dawn Anna Townsend, whose daughter Lauren was killed in the massacre.
The first documentary on the massacre may have been the TLC documentary Lost Boys in 2000. The 2002 Michael Moore documentary film Bowling for Columbine, which explores the massacre in the context of American gun culture, won several awards including the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Also in 2002, A&E made "Columbine: Understanding Why".
Rapper Eminem references the shooting multiple times throughout his discography. Most famously, "I'm Back" off of The Marshall Mathers LP (2000) contained a line about Columbine that was censored. He references this censorship in "Rap God" (The Marshall Mathers LP 2, 2013) and repeats the line, saying it will not be censored this time because he was not as famous as when "I'm Back" was released. In 2024, he referenced the event once again in his song "Lucifer". 
Rapper Tyler, the Creator references the shooting in his song "Yonkers" from his album Goblin. also his song "Pigs" from his album Wolf was inspired by the two shooters.
Fred Durst references the Columbine shooting in the Limp Bizkit song "Head for the Barricade", which is on the 2003 album Results May Vary, and the reference was not censored on the explicit or edited versions of the album.
In 2004, the shooting was dramatized in the documentary Zero Hour, narrated by David Morrissey. In 2007, the massacre was documented in an episode of the National Geographic Channel documentary series The Final Report.
The 2009 film April Showers, which was written and directed by Andrew Robinson, who was a senior at Columbine High School during the shooting, was based on Columbine. The 2013 film Kids for Cash about the kids for cash scandal detail it as part of the "zero-tolerance" policy in the wake of the Columbine shootings.
Columbine students, Jonathan and Stephen Cohen wrote a song called "Friend of Mine (Columbine)", which briefly received airplay in the US after being performed at a memorial service broadcast on USA-wide television. The song was pressed to CD, with the proceeds benefiting families affected by the massacre, and over 10,000 copies were ordered. Shortly following the release of the CD single, the song was also featured on the Lullaby for Columbine CD.
Since the advent of online social media, a fandom for shooters Harris and Klebold has had a documented presence on social media sites, especially Tumblr. Fans of Harris and Klebold refer to themselves as "Columbiners." An article published in 2015 in the Journal of Transformative Works, a scholarly journal which focuses on the sociology of fandoms, noted that Columbiners were not fundamentally functionally different from more mainstream fandoms. Columbiners create fan art and fan fiction, and have a scholarly interest in the shooting.


== References ==

Title: The Makioka Sisters (film)
The Makioka Sisters (細雪, Sasame-yuki, "light snowfall") is a 1983 drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa based on the 1957 serial novel of the same name by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki. It depicts the pre-war lifestyle of the wealthy Makioka family from Osaka with parallels to the seasons in Japan.

Plot
The story takes place in Japan primarily during the late 1930s (Shōwa period). The sisters live in the Kansai area (Kobe/Osaka) and travel to Tokyo and other prefectures throughout the novel.
In the spring of 1938, the four sisters, along with Teinosuke, Sachiko's husband, came to Kyoto to admire the cherry blossoms. Sachiko is unhappy that the elder sister Tsuruko, who is the heiress of the Makioka clan and therefore represents the main house of the clan, upset the matter with Yukiko's marriage for the reason that a fatal flaw was discovered in the groom's clan.
Five years ago, the youngest of the Taeko sisters ran away from home with Keizaburo Okuhata, the third son of the owner of the Okuhata jewelry store located in Semba, Osaka's mall. One newspaper found out about this, but it mistakenly wrote the name of Yukiko instead of Taeko. Tatsuo, Tsuruko's husband, who together with her represents the main house of the Makioka clan, demanded a refutation, but the newspaper only corrected its mistake, instead of Yukiko's name, writing the name Taeko, which only aggravated the seriousness of the situation. Dissatisfied with this turn of affairs, Yukiko and Taeko refuse to live in the main house and move to the Sachiko house, which is a lateral branch of the Makioka clan.
Taeko starts making dolls. Her interest in Okuhata gradually fades and she grows closer to Itakura, who was previously an apprentice at Okuhata's jewelry store, but now became a photographer. At this time, Yukiko's bridegrooms are arranged with a bank broker, an employee of the prefectural council and the vice president of a pharmaceutical company, but they do not end in marriage, since Yukiko does not like the suitors. Itakura contracts an ear infection that leads to his sudden demise. And then Tatsuo comes home with the news that he is being transferred to Tokyo for work. Tsuruko is lost.
Yukiko is again offered a husband. This time the groom is a representative of the former aristocracy, the grandson of Viscount Higashidani. After Itakura's death, Taeko began going to bars, trying to drown her grief. In one bar, she meets the bartender Miyoshi, leaves the house and moves in with him. Miyoshi turns out to be an honest and serious young man, and Taeko starts a new life with him, which reassures the sisters worried about her fate. Tsuruko, after much hesitation, finally decides to leave for Tokyo with her husband. Yukiko is also doing well with Mr. Higashidani, they decide to get married.
On a winter's day at Osaka Station, Yukiko, Teinosuke and the others say goodbye to Tsuruko and her family who are leaving for Tokyo. Sachiko, however, decides not to see her off, thinking the pair would cry and embarrass themselves. Instead, she visits Taeko at her new home, and the two share tea and watch the falling snow.

Cast
Keiko Kishi - Tsuruko Makioka: The eldest Makioka sister is described as being phlegmatic, and most of her voice throughout the novel is heard through letters she sends to her sisters. Tsuruko lives in the "main" Makioka house in Osaka, and is not only removed physically from her sisters, who live in a branch house in Ashiya, but also seems to be removed emotionally.
Yoshiko Sakuma - Sachiko Makioka: The second eldest Makioka sister who is the mistress of the branch house in Ashiya. Sachiko is good-tempered and indulgent of her younger sisters, who live with her instead of, as tradition would have it, with Tsuruko.
Sayuri Yoshinaga - Yukiko Makioka: Melancholy Yukiko is still unmarried at 30, because, when the Makioka family was in its heyday, all of her marriage proposals were turned down as not being good enough.  Now, with the family in decline, marriage opportunities are much more scarce, and Yukiko's stoicity and shyness do nothing to incite her suitors' attentions. So shy that she cannot even speak on the telephone, Yukiko is sometimes frustrating, but ultimately loved by her sisters.
Yuko Kotegawa - Taeko Makioka: The youngest Makioka sister embraces both Western clothing style and Western attitudes toward the world more than any of her sisters. Taeko smokes, has affairs and willfully defies the orders of the main Osaka house. This is mostly because she is impatient waiting for Yukiko to marry, which she must do before Taeko is allowed. Taeko is called "Koi san" endearingly, by her two older sisters in Ashiya. Calling the youngest sister "Koi san" is something commonly practiced in Osaka.
Juzo Itami - Tatsuo Makioka: Tsuruko's husband, who took the Makioka name when he married her, and is now the master of the Makiokas. The three Ashiya sisters find Tatsuo abrasive, and somewhat dull. Tatsuo is employed at a bank.
Koji Ishizaka - Teinosuke Makioka: Sachiko's husband who also took on the Makioka name. Teinosuke is kind, respectful of the sisters and brilliantly smart, especially when it comes to literary arts, such as poetry and letter-writing. Teinosuke is an accountant.
Kobeicho Katsura - Okubata:  Also called "Kei-boy" by the Ashiya sisters, is one of Taeko's suitors with whom she tried, and failed, to elope ten years before the story's beginning.
Itokku Kishibe - Itakura: A photographer friend of Taeko's, a stranger to the Makioka family, to whom Taeko is attracted.
Mika Wakabayashi - Etsuko: Sachiko's school-aged daughter, who is especially fond of Yukiko.
Yukari Uehara - Oharu: A maid at the Ashiya house. Sachiko took Oharu under her wing and tries to teach the gossipy maid manners and decorum.
Michiyo Yokoyama - Mrs. Itani: The owner of a beauty salon that the three younger sisters frequent. Mrs. Itani's gossip and love of matchmaking often help the sisters find prospects for a husband for Yukiko.

Release
Home media
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray by the Criterion Collection on June 14, 2011 for the first time in the United States. The disc only contains a theatrical trailer as a special feature, along with the standard Criterion booklet.

Reception
In February 1985, Vincent Canby called it a "a lovely though not always easy to follow adaptation" of the novel and said "I can't be sure that the English subtitles catch what I assume to be the satiric edge to the dialogue in what is a rather sad comedy of manners.  What is clear, though, is Mr. Ichikawa's cinematic equivalent of a literary style, in which characters are sometimes isolated in extended close-ups that have the effect—if not the substance—of internal monologues or of author's comments.  The Makioka Sisters, though always beautiful to look at, is more stately than emotionally or intellectually involving."
The film has received overwhelmingly positive reviews, in so far as it has been reviewed at all, earning a rare 100% percent on Rotten Tomatoes, from a pool of reviews with but three "top" reviewers.

References
Further reading
Atkinson, Michael (2011). "The Makioka Sisters". Sight and Sound. 21 (9): 85.

External links
The Makioka Sisters at IMDb
The Makioka Sisters at the Japanese Movie Database (in Japanese)
The Makioka Sisters: Of Love and Money an essay by Audie Bock at the Criterion Collection

Title: Oecanthus rufescens
Oecanthus rufescens, known as the striped tree cricket, is a species of tree cricket from Asia.


== References ==

Title: Energy Technology Engineering Center
The Energy Technology Engineering Center (ETEC), was a government-owned, contractor-operated complex of industrial facilities located within the 2,850-acre (11.5 km2) Santa Susana Field Laboratory (SSFL), Ventura County, California.  The ETEC specialized in non-nuclear testing of components which were designed to transfer heat from a nuclear reactor using liquid metals instead of water or gas.  The center operated from 1966 to 1998. The ETEC site has been closed and is now undergoing building removal and environmental remediation by the U.S. Department of Energy.

History
In 1966, ETEC began as the Liquid Metals Engineering Center (LMEC). The LMEC was created by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission to provide development and non-nuclear testing of liquid metal reactor components.  The Liquid Metals Information Center (LMIC) was established at the same time by the AEC. The LMIC served as a technical information library relating to liquid metals and liquid metal components for the United States government. Both the LMEC and LMIC supported the United States Government's Liquid Metal Fast Breeder Reactor program.
The LMEC and the LMIC were established within a western portion of Santa Susana Field Laboratory called Area IV.  In 1978, the LMEC charter was expanded to include general energy-related technology and the center was renamed the Energy Technology Engineering Center. Research and development at ETEC primarily involved metallic sodium because the proposed Fast Breeder Reactor required liquid sodium to operate. Sodium was chosen  because it has desirable heat transfer properties, a low operating pressure when compared to water, and sodium has a relatively low melting point.
The liquid metal components tested included steam generators, pumps, valves, flow meters and a variety of instrumentation.  Investigation into the metallurgical properties of piping exposed to the high temperatures for long periods of time was also performed. The Components were designed and fabricated then installed into a test facility and evaluated under operating conditions with the overall goal of improving the reliability and safety of the components and ultimately, the nuclear reactor the components would be used in.

The ETEC personnel operated several unique test facilities to evaluate nuclear reactor component tests using metallic sodium. One facility, the Sodium Pump Test Facility, capable of circulating up to 55,000 gallons of liquid sodium per minute at temperatures up to 1,300 °F (704 °C), was the largest sodium pump test facility in the world.

Corporate Organization
The LMEC was originally operated by the Atomics International division of North American Aviation and later by way of corporate merger, by Rockwell International. In 1996, The Boeing Company purchased Rocketdyne and assumed the ETEC contract with the Department of Energy.
Two distinct organizations within Atomics International were supported by the DOE at SSFL Area IV: one focused on the development of civilian nuclear power and the other, LMEC/ETEC, was the center of excellence for research and testing of non-nuclear components relating to liquid metals. Although ETEC was operated by Atomics International (and later by Rockwell International), the U.S. Government required the ETEC be operated separately from Atomics International in order to avoid giving the company an unfair advantage through preferential access to government-sponsored research. Thus, the ETEC operated as an autonomous entity within Atomics International.
At its height in 1973, ETEC employed four hundred fifty people. Parent Atomics International employed some 9,000 people during its height in the late 1970s.
The distinction between ETEC and AI nuclear division is blurred by the demise of Atomics International and the cleanup of radioactive materials under DOE's "ETEC Closure" contract with The Boeing Company. The US Department of Energy has assumed responsibility for the identification and, if necessary, cleanup of impacts to the environment resulting from the sodium- or radioactive material-related activities within SSFL Area IV.

Waste Management Practices
Components removed from a sodium–related test facility require careful management because the residual sodium within the component reacts violently with water, thus is a hazard to human health and the environment. In some cases, bulk quantities of sodium required disposal. Prior to the establishment of the 1976 Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act which regulates the treatment and disposal of sodium waste, ETEC personnel operated an on-site treatment and disposal site.  The site is called the Former Sodium Disposal Facility (FSDF) and was located at the extreme western edge of Area IV. The components were cleaned at the FSDF by reacting the sodium inside with steam or by tossing them into a large pool of water. The steam (or water) reacts with the sodium and removes the hazardous residues.
In 1978, in compliance with the new Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ETEC established the Hazardous Waste Management Facility (HWMF), a specialized facility to remove residual sodium from used components.  The HWMF operated under the Federal RCRA regulations and closed in 1998.

Environmental Impacts
The research and development activities at ETEC resulted in  contamination to the surrounding environment. While the FSDF was not intended for the disposal of chemicals or radioactive materials, it is clear these materials were present there. The Final Report for the FSDF cleanup prepared by Boeing notes that "a small amount of very low level radioactive waste was inadvertently disposed of at the site..."

The impacted soils were removed from the FSDF by Rocketdyne for the DOE in 1992. A video explaining the 1992 FSDF cleanup was produced by Rocketdyne. In 1998, the California Department of Public Health, Radiologic Health Branch determined the site to be clean up to the standards then in effect.   Further cleanup to remove traces of mercury and Polychlorinated biphenyls from the surrounding site was completed in 1999.
Other locations within Area IV (and the remainder of SSFL) have been undergoing an environmental Facility Investigation under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act since 1994. The investigation is overseen by the California State Department of Toxic Substances Control. A firm estimated completion date for the investigation and subsequent remediation, if any, could not be found.
By 2007, all of the sodium-related facilities have been removed from Area IV with the exception of the Sodium Pump Test Facility and the Hazardous Waste Management Facility.  All of the metallic sodium has been removed from ETEC.

Other Santa Susana Field Laboratory activities
Most of the 2,850-acre (11.5 km2) Santa Susana Field Laboratory—SSFL was used for the testing and development of rocket engines by Rocketdyne over a fifty-year period, initially for defensive missiles, and then primarily for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration—NASA space vehicles. That took place at locations in Areas I, II, and III totaling ~ 2,560 acres. The ETEC site is ~90 acres, of Area IV's 290 acre total.
There has been considerable environmental impact investigations underway across SSFL, including at the ETEC sites, since the 1990s to develop cleanup criteria, characterization measurement standards, and methods to use to reach contractual terms of completion. In the interim, some small site specific cleanups, contaminated surface water flow remediation, and minor habitat restoration efforts have been tried. The cleanup data gathering, and eventual cleanup projects (of chemical &/or radiological toxins), are under the direction of the DTSC—California Department of Toxic Substances Control of CalEPA, with a 2017 completion deadline/goal.
Interim remediation means, contaminant characterization studies, and all mandated cleanup work is funded by the R.P.s—Responsible Parties. They are the DOE—U.S. Department of Energy and The Boeing Company for the ETEC site (~90 acres) within Area IV. For the rest of the SSFL property the R.P.s are Boeing and/or NASA  fL, depending on: the Area (I, II, &/or III); contaminant types, and physical toxin location (i.e.: surface soils, aquifers, deep bedrock, etc.).

See also
Santa Susana Field Laboratory
Index: Simi Hills

References
External links

DOE: ETEC Closure Project —  website Homepage — history, characterization and cleanup
DTSC Online Document Library: for DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE) AREA IV — includes ETEC data, reports, and updates related to cleanup.

Title: 1972 Urmston Urban District Council election
Elections to Urmston Council were held on Thursday, 4 May 1972. One third of the councillors were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a two-year term of office. These were the final elections held in Urmston before it became part of Trafford. The Conservative Party retained overall control of the council.

Election result
Ward results
Davyhulme East
Davyhulme West
Flixton Central
Flixton East
Flixton West
Urmston East
Urmston West


== References ==

Title: Quiff (horse)
Quiff (foaled 2 March 2001) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. Bred and owned by Khalid Abdulla and trained by Michael Stoute, she was lightly campaigned and ran only six times in three seasons. After finishing fifth on her only appearance as a two-year-old she won on her debut at three in 2004 and then appeared unlucky when beaten in the Ribblesdale Stakes. She then recorded her biggest success when winning the Group One Yorkshire Oaks by eleven lengths. On her fourth and final race as a three-year-old she was narrowly beaten in the St Leger Stakes. Her performances led to her being rated the best filly of her generation in the world over staying distances. After running poorly on her only start in 2005 she was retired from racing and has had some success as a broodmare.

Background
Quiff is a bay mare with a broad white blaze bred in the United Kingdom by Juddmonte Farms, the breeding operation of her owner Khalid Abdulla. She was from the sixteenth crop of foals sired by Sadler's Wells who was Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland on fourteen occasions. She was the first foal of her dam Wince, a top-class racemare who won the 1000 Guineas in 1999.
During her racing career, Quiff was trained by Michael Stoute at the Freemason Lodge Stables in Newmarket, Suffolk.

Racing career
2003: two-year-old season
Quiff made her first and only appearance as a juvenile on 22 August 2003 when she contested a maiden race over seven furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse. She was ridden by Richard Hughes and started the 9/4 favourite against seven opponents. She started slowly and never looked likely to win, finishing fifth behind Why Dubai.

2004: three-year-old season
On her three-year-old debut Quiff was ridden by Brett Doyle in a ten furlong maiden at Salisbury Racecourse on 13 May and started 7/2 second favourite behind the Godolphin filly Dawn Surprise. After tracking the leaders she overtook Dawn Surprise entering the final furlong and won "comfortably" by a length, with a gap of five lengths back to the best of the other eight runners. Quiff was then moved up sharply in class for the Group Two Ribblesdale Stakes at Royal Ascot on 17 June and was ridden for the first time by Kieren Fallon. She was made favourite against eight opponents headed by Punctilious, who had finished third to Ouija Board in The Oaks. After being restrained by Fallon in the early stages, she struggled to obtain a clear run in the straight before finishing strongly to take third behind Punctilious and Sahool.
Quiff met Punctilious and Sahool again when she was moved up to Group One class for the Yorkshire Oaks on soft ground at York Racecourse on 18 August and started second choice in the betting behind the Ribblesdale winner. The other five runners were Hazarista (third in the Irish Oaks), the four-year-old Pongee, winner of her last four races, Danelissima (Noblesse Stakes), Royal Tigress (Leopardstown 1,000 Guineas Trial Stakes) and Menhoubah (Oaks d'Italia). After being held up by Fallon in the early running she began to make progress at half way and took the lead more than three furlongs from the finish. In the closing stages she drew away from her rivals to win by eleven lengths from Pongee who took second ahead of Hazarista. The BBC described her performance as "hugely impresive [sic]". After the race Stoute indicated that the filly might well take on colts in the classic St Leger, saying "She's a very progressive filly. The race didn't pan out right for her at Royal Ascot and she may have been unlucky not to win. She's just a good filly. She's on the up. I would certainly be tempted to go the Leger route".
In the St Leger over fourteen and a half furlongs at Doncaster on 11 September, Quiff was the only filly in the nine-runner field and started 3/1 joint favourite alongside the colt Rule of Law, the runner-up in The Derby. The ground was much firmer than at York, and her connections had considered withdrawing her on the eve of the race. After tracking the leaders, Fallon attempted to make a run up the inside rail but then switched to the outside approaching the last quarter mile. She finished strongly, but failed by a head to overhaul Rule of Law. in what the BBC described as a "thrilling finish". Fallon commented "She has run a terrific race. I thought we were going to get there, but there had been no pace and the winner pulled out a little bit more when we got to him. The ground didn't really suit her. It's a pity we didn't have the rain – things might have been different."

2005: four-year-old season
Quiff remained in training as a four-year-old in 2005 and made her debut in the Gordon Richards Stakes over ten furlongs at Sandown Park Racecourse on 23 April. Ridden by Mick Kinane, she started 8/11 favourite but never recovered from a poor start and finished fourth of the eight runners behind the five-year-old gelding Weightless.

Assessment
In the 2004 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings Quiff was rated the third best three-year-old filly behind Ouija Board and Attraction, the best three-year-old filly over 2700 metres+ (Extended Distance) and the 57th best racehorse in the world of any age or sex. She was also nominated for the Cartier Champion Three-year-old Filly award.

Breeding record
Quiff was retired from racing to become a broodmare for Juddmonte Farms at the Banstead Manor Stud in Newmarket. As of 2020 she has produced at least eight named foals, six of whom have won races:

Coiffure, a bay filly, 2007, by King's Best. Unraced. Dam of five winners including Combe Hay, Combermere and Crack Regiment.
Hairstyle, bay filly, 2008, by Dansili. Placed four times.
The Great Gabrial, bay colt, 2009, by Oasis Dream. Won seven races.
Economy, grey colt (later gelded), 2010, by Dalakhani. Won three races.
Scallop, a bay filly, 2011, by Oasis Dream. Won two races.
Yet Again, a bay filly, 2012, by Oasis Dream. Won one race.
Plait, a chestnut filly, 2015, by Bated Breath. Won one race.
Fulminate, a bay filly, 2016, by Charm Spirit. Won on her debut.
Unnamed, a bay filly, 2019, by Starspangledbanner. Foaled in Australia.

Pedigree

Quiff is inbred 2 × 4 to Northern Dancer, meaning that this stallion appears in both the second and fourth generations of her pedigree.


== References ==

Title: Politics of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
The Politics of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture in Hunan province in the People's Republic of China is structured in a dual party-government system like all other governing institutions in mainland China.
The Mayor of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture is the highest-ranking official in the People's Government of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture or Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture Municipal Government. However, in the prefecture's dual party-government governing system, the Mayor has less power than the Communist Party of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture Municipal Committee Secretary, colloquially termed the "CPC Party Chief of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture" or "Communist Party Secretary of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture".

History
During the 1950s, debate arose within government institutions of Hunan about what sort of designation to bestow upon present-day Xiangxi, resulting from a wider debate about Tujia identity. In the early portion of the decade, a number of ethnic Tujia in the region and beyond protested initial classifications which labelled them as part of the Miao people.: 370  This classification resulted in Xiangxi being designated as a Miao Autonomous Prefecture during this period.: 370  Provincial officials remained quite hesitant about officially recognizing the Tujia people as their own ethnic group, with one protesting during a meeting that "If the Tujia are an ethnic minority, all of China is [made up of] ethnic minorities, and I am an ethnic minority too".: 371  In February 1954, a team from the national government concluded that the Tujia were a distinct ethnic minority, which Hunan provincials again rejected.: 371  Hunan officials, opposed to create a Tujia Autonomous Prefecture due in part to the affirmative action policies which the region would receive, even claimed that the Tujia language was simply a local dialect.: 371  Finally, on January 3, 1957, the central government recognized the Tujia people as a distinct ethnicity.: 371 
This decision shifted the debate over whether the Tujia of Hunan should be awarded their own Autonomous Prefecture, or whether it would be shared with the local Miao people.: 371  Many Tujia in the region supported a distinctly Tujia Autonomous Prefecture, while officials in the Hunan provincial government largely favored a joint Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture.: 371  During this time, the national Anti-Rightist Campaign began to intensify, resulting in a number of people in the area being listed as "rightists".: 371–372  Shortly before a provincial meeting regarding the status of the Autonomous Prefecture, a prominent activist for a solely Tujia Autonomous Prefecture was condemned for being a rightist, influencing the meeting participants to recommend a joint Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture.: 371–372 
Following this recommendation, the Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture was established in the summer in 1957.: 372  However, the Anti-Rightist Campaign began to intensify shortly after the Autonomous Prefecture's founding, and began to include ethnic issues among its "rightist" offenses.: 372  Throughout Hunan, over 300 people were labelled as "ethnic problems" (Chinese: 民族问题; pinyin: mínzú wèntí), and 41 Tujia people were labelled as "ethnic rightists" (Chinese: 民族右派分子; pinyin: mínzú yòupài fènzi).: 372  However, the Hunan provincial government's past unwillingness to classify and identify Tujia people prevented any wider targeting within the region.: 372  These problems regarding the Tujia people appear to be isolated to Hunan, with few instances of anti-Tujia targeting being reported among the Tujia population in neighboring Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, in Hubei province.: 372–373 
Following the death of Mao Zedong, and the end of the Cultural Revolution, the Eleventh Congress of the Chinese Communist Party reintroduced policies meant to empower and aid ethnic minorities.: 373  However, many in Hunan remained fearful of ethnic persecution, and the provincial government failed to restart these policies for multiple years.: 373–374  During the mid-1980s, government authorities within the Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture began to survey the Autonomous Prefecture's population in order to identify ethnic minorities, often using self-reports to classify people.: 376 
One report from 1996 found that the one-child policy, which ethnic minorities were supposed to be exempt from, was loosely enforced among the Tujia people of the Autonomous Prefecture.: 387 
On August 14, 2009, Li Dalun was sentenced to life imprisonment for accepting bribes, holding a huge amount of property from an unidentified source and abusing his power by the Higher People's Court in Hunan.
On December 18, 2013, Tong Mingqian was placed under investigation by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Chinese Communist Party for "serious violations of laws and regulations".

List of mayors of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
List of CPC Party secretaries of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture


== References ==

Title: WPSO
WPSO (1500 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Greek variety format. It is licensed to New Port Richey, Florida, United States, and is owned by Angelatos Broadcasting.
The station signed on in 1963 as WGUL. After that station relocated in 1985 to 860 AM, the call letters were changed to WPSO. The station began broadcasting in Greek in 1992.

External links
Facility details for Facility ID 685 (WPSO)   in the FCC Licensing and Management System
WPSO in Nielsen Audio's AM station database
Facility details for Facility ID 201434 (W270DH)   in the FCC Licensing and Management System

Title: Saxofuckingfon
"Saxofuckingfon" is a song by the Swedish duo Samir & Viktor. The song was released in Sweden as a digital download on 5 June 2015. The song peaked at number two on the Swedish Singles Chart.

Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history


== References ==

Title: Camellia (disambiguation)
Camellia  is a genus of flowering plants in the family Theaceae.
Camellia may also refer to:

Camellia (cipher), a block cipher
Camellia (poem), a poem by Rabindranath Tagore
Camellia (company), British-owned group of agricultural companies
Camellia, New South Wales, a suburb in Sydney, Australia
USLHT Camellia, a United States lighthouse tender
Camellia, a character in Arc the Lad: Twilight of the Spirits
Camellia, a codename for Redmi Note 10 5G
Camellia City, a nickname for Sacramento, California
"Camellia", a single by American duo Hall & Oates from the album Daryl Hall & John Oates
Camellia, a Japanese electronic music composer and producer.

See also
Camelia (disambiguation)
Camilla (disambiguation)
Tsubaki (disambiguation), the Japanese word for Camellia

Title: Bow Valley High School
Bow Valley High School is a public secondary school located in the township of Cochrane, Alberta, Canada.  The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Rocky View Schools.   The school's enrollment is approximately 800 to 900 students, in grades 9 through 12. 
Its mascot is the Bobcat.

Athletics
The Bow Valley Bobcats have membership in the Rocky View Sports Association, and compete and participate in the South Central Zone of the Alberta Schools Athletic Association.

References
External links
Bow Valley High School
Rocky View Schools

Title: Ryan Fanti
Ryan Fanti (born October 3, 1999) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender for the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL as a prospect for the Syracuse Crunch of the American Hockey League (AHL). He played college ice hockey for Minnesota Duluth.

Playing career
Collegiate
Fanti began his collegiate career for Minnesota Duluth during the 2019–20 season, however, he did not appear in any games. During the 2020–21 season, he appeared in 20 games, with 19 starts, and posted a 10–6–2 record with a 2.40 goals against average (GAA) and .907 save percentage.
During the  2021–22 season he posted a 20–12–4 record with a 1.83 GAA and .929 save percentage. He ranked second in conference-only save percentage at .918 and first with a 2.13 GAA in 23 starts. Fanti was named the NCHC Goaltender of the Month and Hockey Commissioners Association's National Goaltender of the Month for the month of November.  He started all eight games for the Bulldogs, while posting a 5–2–1 record with four shutouts, a .957 save percentage and 1.00 GAA, ranking him top five in the nation in both statistics. He became the first Bulldogs player to record three consecutive shutouts since Hunter Shepard during the 2017–18 season.
During the 2022 NCHC Tournament he posted consecutive shutouts in the semifinals and championship game, to help the Bulldogs advance to the 2022 NCAA Tournament. He was subsequently named to the NCHC All-Tournament Team and named the Frozen Faceoff MVP. Following an outstanding season, he was named to the All-NCHC First Team and NCHC Goaltender of the Year. He was also named a Mike Richter Award semifinalist and an AHCA West Second Team All-American.

Professional
On March 28, 2022, Fanti signed a two-year contract with the Edmonton Oilers beginning with the 2022–23 season. He was assigned to the Fort Wayne Komets of the ECHL on an amateur tryout contract for the remainder of the 2021–22 season.
On March 26, 2023, in a game against the Rapid City Rush, Fanti scored an empty-net goal. He became the 15th goaltender in ECHL history to score a goal and the first goaltender in the Komets' 71-year history to do so.
At the conclusion of his contract with the Oilers, Fanti left as a free agent and was signed to a one-year AHL contract with the Syracuse Crunch for the 2024–25 season on July 2, 2024.

Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
Biographical information and career statistics from Eliteprospects.com, or The Internet Hockey Database

Title: Keynsham Roman Villa
Keynsham Roman Villa refers to a cluster of villas built during the Roman occupation of Britain near Keynsham in Somerset, England. Two villas have been found, the larger of which is thought to be one of the grandest villas constructed in all of Britain. The sites have never been fully excavated, in part because portions of each are located underneath a cemetery, a major road, and the now shuttered Somerdale Chocolate Factory.

Geography of the Site
The remains of the villas are located in what is now known as the Keynsham Hams, an alluvial flood plain located in the River Avon Valley just south of the River Avon near the town of Keynsham in Somerset. The Hams are an open area consisting of fields, pastures, and meadows, divided by hedgerows and drainage ditches. To the north of the Hams lies the Avon River and Cleeve Wood. To the south the Hams is bordered by a railway line and the town of Keynsham. This landscape has recently been classified as a "Floodplain Grazing Marsh," and a UK BAP priority habitat, or a natural area that provides a unique range of habitats for flora and fauna. The landscape is dominated by the now shuttered Somerdale Chocolate Factory at the far east of the Hams, which was built between 1923 and 1935. The factory site was closed in 2011 and sold in 2012, and is currently being redeveloped into a housing community.

Archaeological Excavation
The Bristol to Bath Road
In the 18th century, the "Great Bath Road" leading from London to the fashionable city of Bath (and eventually to Bristol) passed through this area, and the road covered over the western and southern corridors of the house with a high embankment.

The Victorian Cemetery
The first excavation of Keynsham's Roman villas was carried out in 1877, when the parish church of Saint John's ran out of burial space in the graveyard, and there was no means of enlarging it. The Vicar and the churchwardens purchased two and a half acres of land to create the new Durley Hill Cemetery in the Hams. However, when trenches were dug at the site for two mortuary buildings, workers discovered a flat pavement of white tesserae, or small stones used to form a mosaic, beneath the surface. As it turned out, these tesserae belonged to the courtyard of a high status villa, with at least 30 rooms and 10 complete mosaics. Unfortunately, despite the indications that this was a large Roman archeological site, burials began almost immediately, and continued for 40 years. From 1922 to 1924, a team carried out excavations at the cemetery site, uncovering 17 rooms. The archeological teams were able to salvage 10 elaborate 4th century mosaics before the site was destroyed to make room for more interments.

Somerdale Chocolate Factory
In 1922, Keynsham was selected as the new location for Fry's chocolate factory. While digging the foundations for the factory, a second, smaller square Roman Villa was found, along with two stone coffins containing male and female skeletons. It was this discovery that captured popular interest, and led to the excavation of the cemetery site from 1922 to 1924. Unfortunately, the factory builders did not desire to resit the factory foundations. Instead, the Roman villa was dug up and reassembled near the entrance to the factory site. The factory construction went on as planned, and the remainder of the second Roman villa is now buried under the foundations of the factory. However, the factory did construct a factory museum located in a lodge near the entrance of the factory grounds, which used to house Roman artifacts and the mosaics excavated from the cemetery site.

Taylor Wimpey Factory Redevelopment
In 2011, the Somerdale factory was permanently closed, and its operations and machinery relocated to Poland. In 2012, the sale of the property to Taylor Wimpey was finalized, and the site is currently in the process of being redeveloped as a residential community. A detailed geophysical assessment of the area was carried out ahead of redevelopment, and the remains of at least 15 additional Roman buildings were discovered, with evidence of others that have been disturbed by quarrying.  However, despite the fact that the site has archeological potential, there are currently no plans to excavate the site.

Architecture
The Grand Villa
The villa located under the Durley Hill Cemetery and the A4 may be one of grandest villas ever built in Britain, and has even been compared to a small palace.  Archeologists believe that this villa may have been the home a high ranking retired-army officer or civil servant, and it had over 30 rooms, hypocaust heated floors, and numerous elaborate and expensive mosaics. The rooms were connected by a veranda supported by a colonnade which ran around three sides of the courtyard. An altar base dating to 155AD was discovered at the site and is inscribed:

NVM DIVOR AVG G INDVTIVS FELIX SILVANO VSLM CON VIC GA
(translation: For the divine spirit of the emperor, Gaius Indutius Felix willingly and deservedly fulfils his vow to Silvanus, in celebration of the victories against the Carvetii.)
It is thought that this inscription refers to the campaigns of governor Gnaeus Julius Verus who dealt with insurrection among the Carvetii tribe of Cumbria c.AD155. It is thought that this altar indicates emperor worship and devotion to the God Silvanus.

The Somerdale Villa
The Somerdale Villa is a square shaped villa built on a much smaller scale than the grand villa. About 50 feet square, it had 8 rooms and included a bathing suite.

Additional Buildings in Keynsham Hams
During the 2012 archeological survey by Taylor Wimpey, an additional 15 Roman buildings were detected under the fields of Keynsham Hams, with a central road running through the middle. This has led archeologists to suggest that Keynsham may be the location of lost Roman settlement of Trajectus, which is the Roman word for "bridgehead." Trajectus is thought to have been a crossing point of the River Avon, and the discovery of further Roman buildings in addition to the two Roman villas has strengthened the theory.


== References ==

Title: Igor Lucić
Igor Lucić (Serbian: Игор Луцић, Azerbaijani: Igor Luciç, born 18 February 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian rower.
He won a gold medal at the 2011 World Rowing U23 Championships in Men's Coxed fours and posted U23 world record. He defended Serbia's U23 title at the 2012 World Rowing U23 Championships in Trakai, Lithuania.
He represented Azerbaijan internationally from 2013 to 2015.

References
Igor Lucić at World Rowing

Title: Dolls House Emporium
The Dolls House Emporium is an online retailer supplying 1:12th scale dolls houses (known as dollhouses in the USA) and 1:12th scale and 1:24th scale miniature collectables. They no longer design or manufacture products themselves.
It distributes miniatures worldwide via its website. The site offers more than 6,000 items of dolls house furniture, plus the houses themselves.
It trades around the world and e-business methods are tapping markets in the UK, USA, Canada and Australia with web portals dealing with local currency, pricing and shipping.
It was founded in 1979 by Jackie Lee and her then husband Adam Purser.
Television companies and creative agencies regularly use Dolls House Emporium products in their work. For instance Montgomery Hall was used as a prop in Upstairs Downstairs on the BBC in 2012. Miniature accessories were used in the 20th Century Fox film Gulliver's Travels in 2010.

History
The original range comprised three 1:24 scale model kits of timber-framed buildings sold B2C via direct response advertising. There were few accessories available at 1:24 scale but an emerging 1:12 dolls’ house market and good quality miniatures becoming available from Taiwan, encouraged collecting and repeat business.
In February 2013 the company was sold to internet retailer and magazine publisher MyTime Media, on the retirement of founder Jackie Lee  and the new firm relocated warehousing to Peterborough and thereafter to Queenborough in Kent.

Expansion
In 1983 The Dolls House Emporium moved to converted farm buildings in Denby, Derbyshire, starting with one unit and by 1992 occupying five units with a manufacturing workshop, warehousing, offices and shop.
In 1988 the first imports were purchased direct from the factories in Taiwan and China (via Hong Kong), and the company started selling B2B as well as B2C, attending its first trade exhibition with a stand at the British Toy and Hobby Fair in 1988 showcasing the Queen Anne House. It was such a success that several were immediately despatched to Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City.
In 2015, the company moved to its current premises in Queenborough, Kent.

Awards
2012: Outstanding Customer Relationship Management & Customer Service: 
ECMOD Direct Commerce Awards.
2011: Outstanding Customer Service: 
ECMOD (European Catalogue and Mail Order Days) Direct Commerce Awards.
2007: Orchard House is 'Highly Commended' Right Start toy awards.

Model kit product ranges
The Dolls' House Emporium sells over 30 miniature homes. Discontinued models and previous catalogues have become collectors items.
In 2011 the company won a licence to reproduce replicas of the miniature items from Queen Mary's Dolls' House at Windsor Castle. They were launched in 2012.

References
External links
The Dolls House Emporium Company website

Title: 2015–16 CONCACAF Champions League knockout stage
The 2015–16 CONCACAF Champions League knockout stage was played from February 23 to April 27, 2016. A total of eight teams competed in the knockout stage to decide the champions of the 2015–16 CONCACAF Champions League.

Qualified teams
The winners of each of the eight groups in the group stage qualified for the knockout stage.

Seeding
The qualified teams were seeded 1–8 in the knockout stage according to their results in the group stage.

Format
In the knockout stage, the eight teams played a single-elimination tournament. Each tie was played on a home-and-away two-legged basis, with the higher-seeded team hosting the second leg. The away goals rule would be used if the aggregate score was level after normal time of the second leg, but not after extra time, and so a tie would be decided by penalty shoot-out if the aggregate score was level after extra time of the second leg (Regulations, II. C. Tie-Breaker Procedures).
Starting from this season, the higher-seeded team in each tie would host the second leg throughout the knockout stage.

Bracket
The bracket of the knockout stage was determined by the seeding as follows:

Quarter-finals:
QF1: Seed 1 vs. Seed 8
QF2: Seed 2 vs. Seed 7
QF3: Seed 3 vs. Seed 6
QF4: Seed 4 vs. Seed 5
Semi-finals:
SF1: Winner QF1 vs. Winner QF4
SF2: Winner QF2 vs. Winner QF3
Final: Winner SF1 vs. Winner SF2

Quarter-finals
The first legs were played on February 23–24, and the second legs were played on March 1–2, 2016.

All times U.S. Eastern Standard Time (UTC−5)

América won 5–3 on aggregate.

Querétaro won 3–1 on aggregate.

UANL won 3–1 on aggregate.

Santos Laguna won 4–0 on aggregate.

Semi-finals
The first legs were played on March 15–16, and the second legs were played on April 5, 2016.

All times U.S. Eastern Daylight Time (UTC−4)

América won 1–0 on aggregate.

UANL won 2–0 on aggregate.

Final
The first leg was played on April 20, and the second leg was played on April 27, 2016.

All times U.S. Eastern Daylight Time (UTC−4)

América won 4–1 on aggregate.

References
External links
CONCACAF Champions League Archived 2015-12-12 at the Wayback Machine, CONCACAF.com

Title: Touch guitar
The touch guitar is a stringed instrument of the guitar family which has been designed to use a fretboard-tapping playing style. Touch guitars are meant to be touched or tapped, not strummed.

History
The touch or tapping technique was formally codified by American guitarist Jimmie Webster in his 1952 method book called the Illustrated Touch System.

Webster credited pickup designer Harry DeArmond with first demonstrating the potential for touch-style playing. Webster himself collaborated with Gretsch Guitars on a guitar stereo pickup design for the Touch System (which fed the bass and melody output to two separate amplifiers), but the concept was not commercially successful.
Unlike Webster's approach, which was to play on a single-necked instrument, guitarist and luthier Dave Bunker designed, built, and patented (in 1961) the first double-necked, headless, touch-tapping instrument called the DuoLectar. While both guitars employed a two-handed tapping technique, Webster used a single-necked instrument while Bunker used his double-necked DuoLectar guitar.
Webster's tapping technique can be heard on a 1959 record. In 1960, Bunker first demonstrated his double-necked instrument for the Portland Oregonian newspaper, and then on the nationally broadcast television show Ozark Jubilee. His designs ultimately led to his double-necked touch guitar in 1975.
Other designs followed. Among them was the single-neck  Chapman Stick (developed by Emmett Chapman in 1970 and produced in 1974), the single-neck Warr Guitar (first produced in 1991) and the single-neck Mobius Megatar. Other touch guitars have included the Solene, Chuck Soupios's dual-necked BiAxe (patented in 1980 and produced during the early 1980s), and Sergio Santucci's TrebleBass.

Merle Travis occasionally used a tapping style on his single-neck, strummed guitar, as did Roy Smeck, George Van Eps, Barney Kessel and Harvey Mandell. Subsequent years have seen Eddie Van Halen, Stanley Jordan, Steve Vai, Jeff Healey, Fred Frith, Hans Reichel, Elliott Sharp, and Markus Reuter all feature the use of tapping techniques.


== References ==

Title: Presles–Courcelles station
The Presles–Courcelles station (French pronunciation: [pʁɛl kuʁsɛl]) is a railway station in Presles (Val d'Oise department), France, near the hamlet of Courcelles. It is located on the Épinay-Villetaneuse–Le Tréport-Mers railway. The station is served by Transilien line H trains from Paris to Persan-Beaumont. The Nord railway company opened the line from Épinay to Persan–Beaumont in 1877.

References
External links

Presles–Courcelles station at Transilien, the official website of SNCF (in French)

Title: The Ice Road 2: Road to the Sky
The Ice Road 2: Road to the Sky is an upcoming American action thriller film written and directed by Jonathan Hensleigh. It is the direct sequel to The Ice Road (2021). Liam Neeson returns from the first film, alongside Fan Bingbing, Bernard Curry, Geoff Morrell, and Grace O'Sullivan.

Cast
Liam Neeson as Mike McCann
Fan Bingbing
Bernard Curry
Geoff Morrell
Grace O'Sullivan
Amelia Bishop

Production
In April 2023, it was announced a sequel titled The Ice Road 2: Road to the Sky would be produced with star Liam Neeson and writer/director Jonathan Hensleigh set to return. Principal photography began in January 2024 in Victoria, Australia, with Bernard Curry, Geoff Morrell, and Grace O'Sullivan joining the cast. In February, Fan Bingbing joined the cast as the co-lead of the film.

References
External links
The Ice Road 2: Road to the Sky at IMDb

Title: Partry House
Partry House is a Georgian country house near Lough Carra in County Mayo and the historic family seat of the Lynch-Blosse baronets. It was built in the 17th century, originally as a dower house, on the ruins of the family's Cloonlagheen Castle.

History
Partry House was built by Arthur Lynch in 1667, on the remains of Cloonlagheen Castle, as a dower house for his mother, Lady Ellis, the widow of Sir Roebuck Lynch of Castle Carra. It is located in the village of Partry in County Mayo.
The house remained in the Lynch family from 1667 until 1991. It was the ancestral seat of the Lynch-Blosse baronets.
The house sits on a 250-acre estate of farmland, bogs, and woodland.


== References ==

Title: Lord Lieutenant of Clare
This is a list of people who served as Lord Lieutenant of County Clare.
There were lieutenants of counties in Ireland until the reign of James II, when they were renamed governors. The office of Lord Lieutenant was recreated on 23 August 1831.

Governors
Henry O'Brien, 8th Earl of Thomond 1714 
William O'Brien, 4th Earl of Inchiquin 1741–1777
The Marquess of Thomond
The Hon. Sir Francis Nathaniel Burton 1805–1831
The Right Hon. William Vesey FitzGerald 1815–1831

Lord Lieutenants
William Vesey-FitzGerald, 2nd Baron FitzGerald and Vesey 7 October 1831 – 11 May 1843
Lucius O'Brien, 13th Baron Inchiquin May 1843 – 22 March 1872
Hon. Charles William White 28 May 1872 – January 1879
Edward O'Brien, 14th Baron Inchiquin 13 January 1879 – 9 April 1900
Hector Stewart Vandeleur 20 August 1900 – 3 October 1909
Sir Michael O'Loghlen, 4th Baronet 7 October 1910 – 1922

References
Sainty, J. C. "Lieutenants and Lords-Lieutenants (Ireland) 1831-2005". Archived from the original on 4 August 2012. Retrieved 7 June 2008.

Title: Neomyennis cyaneiventris
Neomyennis cyaneiventris is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Neomyennis of the family Tephritidae.


== References ==

Title: List of accolades received by The Danish Girl (film)
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American biographical romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper. It is an adaptation of the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff, which was loosely based on the life of Danish painter Lili Elbe, one of the earliest recipients of gender reassignment surgery. Eddie Redmayne stars as Elbe, Alicia Vikander plays Danish painter Gerda Wegener, with Matthias Schoenaerts, and Ben Whishaw featuring in supporting roles. The film premiered at the 72nd Venice International Film Festival on 5 September 2015, where it received the Queer Lion. Focus Features initially provided the film a limited release at four theaters on 27 November 2015 before expanding to over 700 theaters in the United States and Canada on 22 January 2016. The Danish Girl grossed a worldwide box office total of over $64 million on a production budget of $15 million. Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator surveyed 237 reviews and judged 68 percent to be positive.
The Danish Girl gained awards and nominations in a variety of categories with particular praise for the performances of Vikander and Redmayne. The film received four nominations at the 88th Academy Awards with Vikander winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. At the 69th British Academy Film Awards, it gained five nominations including Best British Film, Best Actor for Redmayne, and Best Actress for Vikander. Both Redmayne and Vikander were nominated at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards. Vikander also received a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance.
At the 21st Critics' Choice Awards, the film gained five nominations with Vikander winning for Best Supporting Actress. It received seven nominations at the 20th Satellite Awards including Best Director for Hooper, Best Actor for Redmayne, and Vikander won for Best Supporting Actress. She also received the Empire Award for Best Actress, and the Palm Springs International Film Festival's Rising Star Award.

Accolades
See also
2015 in film

Notes
References
External links
Awards for The Danish Girl at IMDb

Title: EuroCup Basketball Finals MVP
The EuroCup Basketball Finals MVP, previously also known as the ULEB Cup Finals MVP and the ULEB Eurocup Finals MVP, is the yearly MVP award of the finals of the 2nd-tier level professional basketball league in Europe, the EuroCup Basketball League. The EuroCup Basketball League is the European-wide professional basketball league that is one tier level below the top-tier EuroLeague.
The EuroCup Basketball Finals MVP award began with the EuroCup Basketball 2002–03 season. Dejan Tomašević was the first winner of the award.

EuroCup Basketball Finals MVP award winners
Player nationality by national team.

See also
EuroCup awards
EuroCup MVP
EuroLeague Awards
EuroLeague MVP
EuroLeague Final Four MVP

References
External links
EuroCup Basketball official site

Title: Thorleifs jul
Thorleifs jul is a 1998 Thorleifs Christmas album. The album was recorded inside the Strängnäs Cathedral for TV4 Vision, and peaked at 45th position on the Swedish albums chart.

Track listing
Jul, jul, strålande jul
Nu tändas tusen juleljus
Gläns över sjö och strand
O helga natt (Cantique de noël)
Låt mig få tända ett ljus (Schlafe mein Prinzchen)
Gemenskapens jul
Jag drömmer om en jul hemma (White Christmas)
När det lider mot jul (Det strålar en stjärna)
Ser du stjärnan i det blå (When You Wish upon a Star)
Julen är nära
När juldagsmorgon glimmar
Stilla natt (Stille Nacht, heilige Nacht)
Ett barn är fött på denna dag

Charts


== References ==

Title: Coptodon spongotroktis
Coptodon spongotroktis is a critically endangered species of fish in the cichlid family. It is endemic to Lake Bermin in Cameroon. It is threatened by pollution and sedimentation from human activities, and potentially also by large emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the lake's bottom (compare Lake Nyos), although Bermin is too shallow to contain very high amounts of this gas.


== References ==

Title: Sōmon (poetry)
Sōmon (相聞, "mutual exchanges of love poetry"), or sōmon-ka (相聞歌), is, along with zōka (miscellaneous poems) and banka (elegies), one of the three main categories (三大部立 sandai butate) of poems included in the Man'yōshū, an eighth-century Japanese waka anthology.

Etymology
The word 相聞 (modern Mandarin pronunciation xiāngwén) appears in Chinese works, and its original meaning is "communication of feelings to each other". Unlike zōka and banka, the term sōmon does not originate in the categorization used by the compiler of the Wen Xuan, and was simply a word used to describe everyday communication.

Meaning
In books 11 and 12 of the Man'yōshū, these poems are also called sōmon-ōrai-ka (相聞往来歌),. It is a general term for poems that express personal feelings experienced in everyday human interactions. The majority of these are love poems exchanged between men and women, but they are not all love poems, and the term also covers poems exchanged between friends, parents and children, and siblings. One example of the latter group is the following poem (MYS II : 103) by Princess Ōku about her younger brother Prince Ōtsu:

The term can also refer to love poetry in general.

Usage in the Man'yōshū
Books 2, 4, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of the Man'yōshū include sōmon sections, and the total number of sōmon poems in the collection comes to 1,750, or more than a third of the 4,516 poems in the collection. (Non-romantic sōmon poems account for only around 80 of the poems in the collection.) Poems exchanged between lovers are the majority, but the term also covers solo compositions and traditional songs that exhibit folk-tale characteristics. These are further subcategorized, based on their method of expression, into groups such as seijutsu-shinsho-ka (正述心緒歌, also shōjutsu-shinsho-ka), kibutsu-chinshi-ka (寄物陳思歌), and hiyu-ka (譬喩歌). These poems expressing private emotions provide a broad basis for poetic composition, and gave rise to much lyrical poetry.
Zōka were primarily "public" poems composed for official ceremonies and occasions, while sōmon-ka were more personal in their communication of romantic sentiments, and so are generally placed after zōka in the ordering of poems in each book. However, sōmon-ka on the four seasons were mixed in with zōka on the seasons in books 8 and 10. The sōmon categorization does not appear in court anthologies or personal collections, which grouped romantic exchanges in with their love poems, so the poems expressing the feelings between friends and blood relatives began to be classified in the miscellaneous poems.

References


== Cited works ==

Title: Troglodiplura lowryi
Troglodiplura lowryi is a species of spider in the family Anamidae, found in Australia.


== References ==

Title: Flight 232
Flight 232 may refer to:
Listed chronologically

LOT Polish Airlines Flight 232, crashed on 14 June 1957
Ansett Airlines Flight 232, crashed on 15 November 1972
SAETA Flight 232, crashed on 15 August 1976
United Airlines Flight 232, crashed on 19 July 1989
Crash Landing: The Rescue of Flight 232, a television film about this incident

See also
All pages with titles containing Flight 232

Title: Yourself!Fitness
Yourself!Fitness is an exercise video game, developed by Respondesign. It was published first for the Xbox, and later for PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows. Through a publishing deal with Ubisoft, Yourself!Fitness was ported to and released on the Wii in December 2008 under the name My Fitness Coach.

Gameplay
Players are led by a virtual personal fitness coach named Maya (voiced by Yumi Lee, who is also credited for workout design and modeling). Prior to the first workout, players must complete a fitness assessment. Players are asked to record their resting heart rates, then, following two minutes of jumping jacks, are asked to record their heart rates again. This data is used to approximate the relative intensity of the physical activity of completing that set of jumping jacks. This is then used to determine what types of exercises Maya will ask players to complete during their exercise routines. The fitness assessment also records players' self-reported weight and evaluates strength and flexibility.
Core strength is measured by the amount of sit-ups (a maximum of 40) the player can complete; lower-body strength is measured by the number of squats (a maximum of 60) the player can complete, and upper strength is measured by the number of push-ups (a maximum of 40) the player can complete. Flexibility is measured on a 1-7 scale by how far the player can reach forward when seated with the legs stretched out in front with feet flexed. On every 10th workout, the player will repeat this fitness evaluation as a Physical Challenge. This results in a dynamic workout program that changes with the player's physical fitness level and ability. Based on the results of each Physical Challenge, Maya will suggest one of 5 areas a player can choose to emphasize in—Weight Loss, Cardio, Upper Strength, Core Strength, and Lower Strength. In addition to this, Maya will also suggest an emphasis for each workout a player initiates. In addition to these workout options, the player can choose to do Yoga by selecting the Meditation Garden.
Once a workout is selected, players can choose the duration of their workouts from 15, 30, 45, or 60 minutes. The duration is a rough estimate, with the workouts often being a few minutes longer due to additional time spent warming up and stretching. Players can then choose a virtual environment to work out in as well as what genre of background music to listen to. Only a few environments and music genres are available at first, but more are unlocked through regular play.
The game includes over 500 types of exercises, although some exercises with variable repetitions are counted as separate in this tally. Furthermore, if the player owns an exercise ball, hand weights, an exercise step, or a heart rate monitor, Maya can incorporate these into the program.  At certain sections of the routine, Maya will stop to ask how the player is doing; the player's selection of one of three replies will affect whether the program strengthens, weakens, or leaves the current regimen as it is.

Development
In a 2006 fitness promotional campaign with the popular fast-food chain McDonald's, purchasers of an "Active Meal" (consisting of a salad and bottled water) could receive one of four Yourself!Fitness DVDs, playable in a standard DVD player, which contains a rigid workout regimen also led by Maya.  Each disc is dedicated to a certain theme—Yoga, cardio, strength training, or "core" training—and contains workouts that are 15 minutes in length.

Reception
The Xbox version received "favorable" reviews, while the PlayStation 2 and Wii versions received "average" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
In January 2006, CiN Weekly gave the game a score of 77 out of 100 and said that, "Though a little cheesy, it's a good way to create a customized home workout with menu suggestions and progress chart."  Detroit Free Press, however, gave the Xbox version two stars out of four and stated, "It's a shame that the disc, which offers 4,500 recipes and meal plans also printable at the program's Web site, is so inflexible about allowing other workouts into its tracking system, and that what should be the central focus, the workouts themselves, is so lackluster."

See also
EyeToy: Kinetic
Wii Fit
My Coach
Gold's Gym: Cardio Workout

References
External links
Yourself!Fitness at MobyGames

Title: Nina Jazy
Nina Sandrine Jazy (born 25 November 2005) is a German competitive swimmer. She won the gold medal in the 50-metre freestyle and a bronze medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay at the 2022 European Junior Swimming Championships.

Background
Jazy was born 25 November 2005 in Recklinghausen, Germany, and competes as part of the SG Essen swim club. She formerly competed for SG Dortmund.

Career
2021–2022
At the 2021 European Junior Swimming Championships, held in July in Rome, Italy, Jazy competed in four events, placing eighth in the 50-metre freestyle, 24th in the 100-metre freestyle, sixth in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay, and sixth in the 4×100-metre mixed freestyle relay. In September, she won three medals at the 2021 German Short Course National Championships in Wuppertal when she was 15 years old, including a silver medal in the 50-metre freestyle with a personal best time of 24.84 seconds. In April the following year, she was named to Team Germany for the 2022 European Junior Swimming Championships, held in July in Otopeni, Romania. Two months later, she won the gold medal and national title in the 50-metre freestyle with a personal best time of 25.23 seconds at the German Championships. Two days earlier, she achieved a personal best time of 55.62 seconds for the 100-metre freestyle, swimming the time on the lead-off leg of the 4×100-metre freestyle relay.

2022 European Junior Championships
As a 16-year-old at the 2022 European Junior Swimming Championships, Jazy won her first medal on the first day of competition, anchoring the 4×100-metre freestyle relay to a bronze medal-win in 3:45.63 with a split time of 54.65 seconds. The second medal she won was a gold medal in the 50-metre freestyle, where she finished first with a personal best time of 25.22 seconds. Her time was less than two-tenths of a second faster than silver medallist Bianca Costea of Romania and bronze medallist Sara Curtis of Italy. In her other events, she placed sixth in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay, leading off the finals relay with a 2:08.20, and placed thirteenth in the 100-metre freestyle with a time of 56.76 seconds.
In the autumn following the Championships, Jazy competed at the 2022 FINA Swimming World Cup in October in Berlin, placing seventeenth in the 100-metre freestyle with a personal best time of 54.44 seconds, which was 0.97 seconds faster than her former personal best time of 55.41 seconds. The following month, and before her seventeenth birthday on the twenty-fifth, she set a German junior record in the 50-metre freestyle at the 2022 German Short Course Championships, winning the silver medal with her time of 24.53 seconds. She also lowered her personal best time in the 100-metre freestyle by 0.60 seconds with a time of 53.84 seconds for the silver medal.

2023
In early February 2023, at the German Team Championships conducted in short course metres in Essen, 17-year-old Jazy lowered her German junior record in the 50-metre freestyle with a personal best time of 24.50 seconds. In early March, World Aquatics increased its age cut-off for female junior swimmers from 17 to 18 years of age at the end of the year, making her age-eligible for world junior records through the end of the 2023 year and the 2023 World Junior Swimming Championships.

International championships (50 m)
Personal best times
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Legend: r – relay 1st leg

Short course metres (25 m pool)
Awards and honours
Sparkasse Essen, Essen Newcomer of the Year: 2022

References
External links
Nina Jazy  at World Aquatics

Title: Beckov
Beckov (Hungarian: Beckó, German: Beckow) is a village and municipality in the Nové Mesto nad Váhom District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.

History
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1208. Mihály de genere Bána, royal equerry, who was the forefather of the Cseszneky family, performed several heroic deeds against the Mongolian invaders of Hungary (during the invasion in 1241–42) and for his bravery in 1241 King Béla IV appointed him Count (comes) of Beckó. Before the establishment of independent Czechoslovakia in 1918, Beckov was part of Trencsén County within the Kingdom of Hungary. From 1939 to 1945, it was part of the Slovak Republic. On the 6th of April 1945, the Red Army dislodged the Wehrmacht from Beckov and it was once again part of Czechoslovakia.

Geography
The municipality lies at an altitude of 190 metres and covers an area of 28.629 km2. It has a population of about 1375 people.

Sights
Overlooking the village is Beckov Castle, now in ruins. The village, which used to be a town, was fortified by a mighty wall, large parts of which are still preserved. Religious buildings include the gothic catholic parish church and the former baroque Franciscan monastery with a church located within the walled town and a protestant parish church found outside the walls. There are several Renaissance and Baroque manors, some of which are restored and well-kept while others are dilapidated and falling into ruins.

People
Jozef Miloslav Hurban born 1817
Baron László Mednyánszky born 1852
Dionýz Štúr born 1827

Gallery
Sources
Györffy György: Az Árpád-kori Magyarország történeti földrajza

Genealogical resources
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive in Bratislava (Slovak: Štátny archív v Bratislave).

Roman Catholic church records (births/marriages/deaths): 1676–1934 (parish A)
Lutheran church records (births/marriages/deaths): 1792–1942 (parish A)

See also
List of municipalities and towns in Slovakia

References
External links
 Media related to Beckov at Wikimedia Commons

Municipal website (in Slovak)
Surnames of living people in Beckov

Title: Tall Baman
Tall Baman (Persian: تل بمن) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 20 families.


== References ==

Title: 1957 in Spanish television
This is a list of Spanish television related events from 1957.

Events
13 January: First Theatre Play in Spanish television is broadcast live: Before Beakfast (Eugene O'Neill), directed by Juan Guerrero Zamora and starred by Maruchi Fresno.
22 April – José M. Revuelta is appointed by the Government Director General of Radio and Television.
September – First Talk show in Televisión Española: Tele-Madrid, hosted by Tico Medina and Yale.
15 September – Telediario, the longest-running News program in Spanish television debuts on TVE.

Debuts
Ending this year
Desde mi butaca. (1956–1957)
Imagen de una vida. (1956–1957)

Foreign series debuts in Spain
Patrulla de tráfico (Highway Patrol)

Births
18 January – Marián Flores, hostess (Un, dos, tres...responda otra vez).
15 February – Jordi Rebellón, actor.
2 March – Virginia Mataix, actress
11 March – Isabel Ordaz, actress. (Aquí no hay quien viva, la que se avecina).
23 March – Nieves Herrero, hostess.
7 April – Mariano Peña, actor. (Aída)
22 May – Enrique del Pozo, Singer and host.
27 May – Iñaki Miramón, actor.
15 June – Iñaki Cano, sports journalist.
8 July – Carlos Herrera, journalist.
9 August – Juan José Guerenabarrena, host.
14 August – José Coronado, actor. (Periodistas)
19 August – Gracia Olayo, actress.
16 September – Assumpta Serna, actress. (Falcon Crest)
19 September – Pepe Carrol, presenter
9 December – José Luis Gil, actor. (Aquí no hay quien viva, la que se avecina).
15 December – Luis Fernández Fernández, President of RTVE.
25 December – Elena Sánchez, journalist.
Juan Ramón Sánchez, actor (Barrio Sésamo).

See also
1957 in Spain
List of Spanish films of 1957


== References ==

Title: Cannabigerol
Cannabigerol (CBG) is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid and minor constituent of cannabis. It is one of more than 120 identified cannabinoids found in the plant genus Cannabis. The compound is the decarboxylated form of cannabigerolic acid (CBGA), the parent molecule from which other cannabinoids are biosynthesized.
During plant growth, most of the CBG is converted into other cannabinoids, primarily tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) or cannabidiol (CBD), leaving about 1% CBG in the plant. Some strains, however, produce larger amounts of CBG and CBGA, while having low quantities of other cannabinoids, like THC and CBD.
The pharmacodynamics of CBG are complex. It is a relatively weak ligand of the cannabinoid receptors, where it acts as a weak partial agonist. Conversely, it is a much more potent agonist of the α2-adrenergic receptor, antagonist of the serotonin 5-HT1A receptor, and antagonist of the transient receptor potential channel TRPM8. CBG also has a variety of other actions that may additionally contribute to its effects.
Although CBG is sold as a dietary supplement, its effects and safety for human consumption are unknown. Safety concerns have been raised due to the potent activation of α2-adrenergic receptors by CBG, which may produce sedation and potentially undesirable cardiovascular effects like decreased heart rate and blood pressure.

Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
In vitro, CBG has identified pharmacodynamic actions and its mechanism of action appears to be from interactions with multiple targets.
CBG is a weak ligand of the cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptors with affinities (Ki) of 380–2,600 nM and 153–3,460 nM, respectively. It is a weak partial agonist or antagonist of both of these receptors. There is no information on the binding or activity of CBG at the GPR55 (the potential non-homologous CB3 receptor). CBG has relatively low affinity for the cannabinoid receptors, with approximately 5-fold lower affinity for the CB1 receptor and 27-fold lower affinity for the CB2 receptor than THC.
CBG is a highly potent agonist of the α2-adrenergic receptor (EC50Tooltip half-maximal effective concentration = 0.2–72.8 nM) and a moderately potent antagonist of the serotonin 5-HT1A receptor (KB = 51.9 nM). Activation of the α2-adrenergic receptor by CBG might produce effects including sedation, dry mouth, and decreased heart rate and blood pressure. This has raised safety concerns about CBG. The actions of CBG at the α2-adrenergic receptor and 5-HT1A receptor are of far greater potency than its interactions with the cannabinoid receptors and are more likely to be involved in its pharmacodynamic effects.
The compound is a weak agonist of the transient receptor potential channels TRPA1 (EC50 = 700 nM), TRPV1 (EC50 = 1,300 nM), TRPV2 (EC50 = 1,720 nM), TRPV3 (EC50 = 1,000 nM), and TRPV4 (EC50 = 5,100 nM) (efficacy 18–100% at these targets) and a more potent antagonist of the transient receptor potential channel TRPM8 (IC50Tooltip half-maximal inhibitory concentration = 160 nM). It is also a weak agonist of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor PPAR-γ (EC50 = 1,270–15,700 nM).
CBG is a voltage-gated sodium channel (VGSC) blocker (Nav1.1, Nav1.2, Nav1.5, and Nav1.7) and voltage-dependent calcium channel (VDCC) blocker. Inhibition of VGSCs may be involved in the analgesic effects of CBG.
It shows no inhibition of several endocannabinoid-metabolizing enzymes including fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH), diacylglycerol lipase (DGL), and N-acylethanolamine acid amide hydrolase (NAAA). However, other research has found that CBG does inhibit FAAH and DGL, as well as monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL), although it is less potent as an inhibitor of FAAH than cannabidiol (CBD). Aside from endocannabinoid-metabolizing enzymes, CBG is a weak inhibitor of the cyclooxygenase COX-1 and COX-2 enzymes (30% inhibition of each at 25,000 nM). In addition, it has been found to inhibit both the metabolism and reuptake of anandamide.

Pharmacokinetics
The pharmacokinetics of CBG have been studied in animals and to a lesser extent in humans. CBG is metabolized in the liver by CYP2J2, similarly to other cannabinoids as well as endocannabinoids.

Chemistry
CBG is a highly lipophilic and hydrophobic compound. Its predicted log P ranges from 7.0 to 7.5.
Synthetic derivatives of CBG have been synthesized and studied.

History
CBG was isolated from cannabis in 1964.

Society and culture
Legal status
CBG is not scheduled by the United Nations Convention on Psychotropic Substances. In the United States, CBG derived from marijuana is illegal under the Controlled Substances Act, while CBG derived from hemp is legal, as long as the hemp THC content is less than 0.3% of dry weight.
In Switzerland, it is legal to produce hemp rich in CBG as a tobacco substitute, as long as its THC content remains below 1.0%.

Regulation
As of 2022, the US Food and Drug Administration has issued numerous warning letters to American companies for illegally marketing cannabis supplement products, including one selling CBG products with unproven illegal claims of efficacy against the COVID-19 virus and inflammation.

Biosynthesis
The biosynthesis of CBG begins by loading hexanoyl-CoA onto a polyketide synthase assembly protein and subsequent condensation with three molecules of malonyl-CoA. This polyketide is cyclized to olivetolic acid via olivetolic acid cyclase, and then prenylated with a ten carbon isoprenoid precursor, geranyl pyrophosphate, using an aromatic prenyltransferase enzyme, geranyl-pyrophosphate—olivetolic acid geranyltransferase, to biosynthesize cannabigerolic acid, which can then be decarboxylated to yield CBG.

Research
CBG is under laboratory research to determine its pharmacological properties and potential effects in disease conditions, with no conclusions about therapeutic effects or safety, as of 2021. A clinical trial published in July 2024 assessed the effects of CBG on anxiety, stress, and mood.


== References ==

Title: Flaunt


Title: Draft talk:Lexercise


Title: Beach Fever
Beach Fever is a 1987 English-language American comedy film that was directed by Alexander Tabrizi. It stars Kato Kaelin and Rodney Ueno with Nina Arvesen. Primarily set on the beaches of California, the film's central plot involves a father sending his son to America to find the best "pick up line" for his father. Then stumbling on a special formula that attracts girls, the plot thickens when a mad dash on the beach for this special cologne causes problems for Chat and Sake. The film was produced by Nelson Anderson, Yakov Bentsvi and Aaron Biston, written by Francis X. Cronan and Larry W. Talbot.

Plot
A young Japanese entrepreneur is set on a quest by his wealthy father to find the world's best opening line in order to "get the girl". But when they stumble upon a sure-fire love potion, mayhem ensues.

Cast
Kato Kaelin as Chat Frederick IV
Rodney Ueno as Sake
Judea Brittain as Sandy
Jeffrey Asch as Ernie
Aaron Biston as Mario
Nina Arvesen as Decent Girl number 2

References
External links
Beach Fever at IMDb
Beach Fever at Rotten Tomatoes
Beach Fever (VHS) Kato Kaelin

Title: Yuzhny Ural Orsk
Yuzhny Ural Orsk is an ice hockey team in Orsk, Russia. They play in the VHL, the second level of ice hockey in Russia.

History
The original club (then Yuzhuralmash) was founded in 1958. It ceased to exist by the end of the 1990s but was revived several years later. In 2008 they became affiliated with Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.

External links
Official site

Title: 1994 Copa del Rey final
The 1994 Copa del Rey final was the 92nd final of the Spanish cup competition, the Copa del Rey. The final was played at Vicente Calderón Stadium in Madrid on 20 April 1994. The match was won by Real Zaragoza, who beat Celta de Vigo in penalty shoot-out.

Match details


== References ==

Title: Kaho Nakayama (writer)
Kaho Nakayama (Japanese: 中山 可穂, born 1960) is a Japanese writer. Her debut novel, The Stoop-Shouldered Prince  (猫背の王子, Nekoze no Ouji), was published in 1993, and her subsequent novels have won and been nominated for a number of Japanese literary awards including the Yamamoto Shūgorō Prize. In the 2015 edition of the Routledge Handbook of Sexuality Studies in East Asia, she was identified as "Japan's only contemporary self-identified lesbian novelist". Her short story, "Sparkling Rain", was the titular short story of Barbara Summerhawk's anthology of queer Japanese women writers, Sparkling Rain: and other fiction from Japan of women who love women. This short story, and a selection from her novel Sentimental Education, translated by Allison Markin Powell, are her only works to have been translated into English.

Life and works
Nakayama was born in Nagoya in 1960 and graduated from the Faculty of Education at Waseda University's Department of English. Between graduation and the publication of her first novel, she directed a theatrical troupe, including acting, writing, and directing. For five years, to get through the void after quitting acting, she worked in her thirties as an office worker while beginning to write her first novel. 
In 1993, after winning a short story prize from Tokyo FM, Magazine House published her debut novel, The Stoop-Shouldered Prince. Her 1995 novel, Angel Bones (天使の骨, Tenshi no Hone) won the Asahi New Writers' Literary Award, and her 2001 novel, To the Depths of a White Rose (白い薔薇の淵まで, Shiroi Bara no Fuchi Made) was awarded the Yamamoto Shūgorō Prize.

Lesbian and homosexual themes
Nakayama's works, such as her 2000 novel Sentimental Education (感情教育, sharing a title with Gustav Flaubert's novel), are known for their frequent motifs of heartrending lesbian love and relationships. To the Depths of a White Rose and Sentimental Education were both published at the end of what has been described as Japan's 'gay boom', spanning the late 1980s and 1990s, where novels such as To the Depths of a White Rose and Chiya Fujino's A Promise for Summer, both won major Japanese literary awards. The title of her novel Love-Suicide in Marrakesh (マラケシュ心中, Marakeshu shinju) referenced the trope of love-suicide seen in 17th century Japanese literature, while the content more evoked the contemporary expressions and representations of same-sex female love and relationships seen in manga and anime.
In the early period of her career, her body of work was known for its radical portrayal of sex and gender, together with full and nuanced expressions of lesbianism. With the 2006 publication of Kehheru (ケッヘル), Nakayama's work expanded into depictions of love and relationships between gay men as well as heterosexuals, parents, and children. Despite this, she strongly disliked being called a 'lesbian writer' by the public, striving to continue publishing fleshed-out novels that keenly examined the foundational nature of human existence.

Works
The Stoop-Shouldered Prince  (猫背の王子, Nekoze no ouji), 1993
Angel Bones (天使の骨, Tenshi no hone), 1995
La Sagrada Familia (サグラダファミリア : 聖家族, Sagurada famiria : seikazoku), 1998
Sentimental Education (感情教育, Kanjo kyōiku), 2000
Cut to the Quick (深爪, Fukadzume), 2000
To the Depths of a White Rose (白い薔薇の淵まで, Shiroi Bara no Fuchi Made), 2001
The Flower Temple (花伽藍 Hana-garan), 2002
Love-Suicide in Marrakesh (マラケシュ心中, Marakeshu shinju), 2002
Gigolo (ジゴロ, Jigoro), 2003
Kehheru (ケッヘル), 2006
The Blind Young Man (弱法師, Yoroboshi, likely a reference to the legend of Shuntokumaru and the 1960 Yukio Mishima Noh play of the same name), 2007
Saigon Tango Cafe (サイゴン・タンゴ・カフェ, Saigon・Tango・Kafe), 2008
Elegy (悲歌, Hika), 2009
The Cat Who Writes Novels (小說を書く猫, Shōsetsu o kaku neko), 2011
The Country of Love (愛の国, Ai no kuni) 2014
Male Roles (男役, Otokoyaku), 2015
Daughter Roles (娘役, Musumeyaku), 2016
Zero Hour (ゼロ・アワー, Zero・awā), 2017
Silver Bridge (銀橋, Ginkyō), 2018


== References ==

Title: Exotic baryon
In particle physics, exotic baryons are a type of hadron (bound states of quarks and gluons) with half-integer spin, but with a quark content different from the three quarks (qqq) present in conventional baryons. An example would be pentaquarks, consisting of four quarks and one antiquark (qqqqq̅).
So far, the only observed exotic baryons are the pentaquarks Pc(4380)+, Pc(4450)+ discovered in 2015, Pc(4312)+ in 2019 and PΛψs(4338)0 in 2022 by the LHCb collaboration.
Several types of exotic baryons that require physics beyond the Standard Model have been conjectured in order to explain specific experimental anomalies. There is no independent experimental evidence for any of these particles. One example is supersymmetric R-baryons, which are bound states of 3 quarks and a gluino. The lightest R-baryon is denoted as S0 and consists of an up quark, a down quark, a strange quark and a gluino. This particle is expected to be long lived or stable and has been invoked to explain ultra-high-energy cosmic rays. Stable exotic baryons are also candidates for strongly interacting dark matter.
It has been speculated by futurologist Ray Kurzweil that by the end of the 21st century it might be possible by using femtotechnology to create new chemical elements composed of exotic baryons that would eventually constitute a new periodic table of elements in which the elements would have completely different properties than the regular chemical elements.


== References ==

Title: Sara Lucy Bagby
Sara Lucy Bagby (c. 1843 – July 14, 1906) was the last person in the United States forced to return to slavery in the South under the Fugitive Slave Act.
Born in the early 1840s in Virginia, she was of African American heritage. She eventually escaped slavery via the Underground Railroad and made her way to Cleveland, Ohio, in a free state. In January 1861, she was pursued by her enslavers, William Goshorn and his son, and arrested by a U.S. Marshal.
Despite the attempts of both the Ohio state government and citizens of Cleveland to intervene—including a purported dramatic armed standoff in a courtroom—she was transported back to Goshorn's property in  Wheeling, then still part of Virginia. This episode forms the subject of a poem by Frances Ellen Watkins Harper, titled "To the Cleveland Union-Savers" (1861):

Men of Cleveland, had a vulture
Sought a timid dove for prey
Would you not, with human pity,
Drive the gory bird away?

Had you seen a feeble lambkin,
Shrinking from a wolf so bold,
Would ye not to shield the trembler,
In your arms have made its fold?

But when she, a hunted sister,
Stretched her hands that ye might save,
Colder far than Zembla's regions,
Was the answer that ye gave.

On the Union's bloody altar,
Was your hapless victim laid;
Mercy, truth, and justice shuddered,
But your hands would give no aid.

And ye sent her back to the torture,
Robbed of freedom and of fright.
Thrust the wretched, captive stranger.
Back to slavery's gloomy night.

Back where brutal men may trample,
On her honor and her fame;
And unto her lips so dusky,
Press the cup of woe and shame.

There is blood upon our city,
Dark and dismal is the stain;
And your hands would fail to cleanse it,
Though Lake Erie ye should drain.

There's a curse upon your Union,
Fearful sounds are in the air;
As if thunderbolts were framing,
Answers to the bondsman's prayer.

Ye may offer human victims,
Like the heathen priests of old;
And may barter manly honor
For the Union and for gold.

But ye can not stay the whirlwind,
When the storm begins to break;
And our God doth rise in judgment,
For the poor and needy's sake.

And, your sin-cursed, guilty Union,
Shall be shaken to its base,
Till ye learn that simple justice,

Is the right of every race.
After the Emancipation Proclamation, Bagby walked to Pittsburgh to leave the South. She eventually resettled in Cleveland, where she died and was buried in 1906.


== References ==

Title: Virtual terminal (payment processing)
A virtual terminal is a software application (often a web application) for merchants which allows them to accept payment with a payment card, specifically a credit card, without requiring the physical presence of the card (“card not present transaction”). They are called “virtual” terminals in contrast to the physical payment terminals used to process card payments when the payment card is present.

Use of virtual terminals
When a customer wants to pay with a card over the phone, a virtual terminal allows the person accepting payment (such as a call center agent) to enter the customer's credit card details to process the payment. Unlike when using a regular payment terminal, the presence of the payment card is not required. The payment data is then automatically sent to the payment processor to handle the transaction.
While the physical card does not need to be presented to the merchant (which would be impossible over the phone), the customer authorising the payment should still be possess the card. To verify this, the virtual terminal often requires the card security code to be entered, which the customer must provide. One alternative for merchants is to utilise a credit card vault, allowing repeat customers to avoid providing this information over the phone. Some processors offer their merchants the option to securely store their customers' card information in a credit card vault.
Virtual POS facilitates MO/TO payments, also called Mail request/Phone request transactions. MO/TO are suitable for organizations whose customers are far away and therefore, are unable to present a credit or debit card physically. The process is also known as card non-present transaction and includes entering the customer's card details into the virtual terminal to handle the exchange.


== References ==

Title: Éamonn Kelly
Éamonn Kelly (born 1968) is an Irish hurler who played as a full-forward for the Tipperary junior hurling team.
Born in Puckane, County Tipperary, Kelly first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Tipperary minor teams as a dual player, before later joining the under-21 hurling team. He joined the junior team for the 1987 championship. Kelly went on to play a key role for Tipperary over the next few years, and won one two All-Ireland medals in the junior grade.
At club level Kelly played both hurling and Gaelic football with Kildangan.
In retirement from playing, Kelly became involved in team management and coaching. He was an All-Ireland-winning manager with the Kildangan intermediate hurling team in 2005, as well as serving as a manager and as a selector with the Tipperary under-21 and intermediate hurling teams.
Kelly was appointed manager of the Kerry senior hurling team in January 2014. He led the county to a National Hurling League Div 2A title with a win over Carlow. His side then lost a controversial play-off to Offaly, missing out on a pace in Div 1B. His side regrouped to make it to the final of the Christy Ring Cup for the fourth time in five seasons. They faced Kildare but for the second year in a row lost out by a 2 points.
In July 2015, Kelly stepped down from the position as Kerry manager.
In September 2015, Kelly was named as the new manager of the Offaly hurling team.
In September 2016, Kelly stepped down as manager of the Offaly team, saying "Having reviewed the season just gone and considered the increasing personal and business demands on my time at present, I have informed Offaly County Board that I will not be in a position to continue as manager of the Senior Hurling team for 2017."
Later that year, Kelly was named as manager of neighbouring county Laois for the forthcoming season. Following two years at the helm of the O’Moore County and a relegation battle in Division 1B with Antrim, Kelly stepped down as Laois manager to return to club management henceforth after the county were knocked out of the Joe McDonagh Cup, saying: “I have enjoyed the last two years and made many friends. I am disappointed not to have built on the progress we made last year and I wish Laois every success going forward.”

Career statistics
Manager
As of match played 2 July 2016.

Honours
Team
Tipperary
All-Ireland Junior Hurling Championship (2): 1989, 1991
Munster Junior Hurling Championship (3): 1988, 1989, 1991

Manager
Kildangan
All-Ireland Intermediate Club Hurling Championship (1): 2005
Munster Intermediate Club Hurling Championship (1): 2004
Tipperary Intermediate Hurling Championship (1): 2004
Kerry
National League (Division 2A) (2): 2014, 2015
Christy Ring Cup (1): 2015


== References ==

Title: John Fulenwider
John Fulenwider (1756 - 4 September 1826) was a Revolutionary War veteran and an American pioneer in the field of iron manufacturing. He is also considered to be one of the founders of High Shoals, North Carolina.

Early life
Fulenwider was born in Switzerland in 1756 to Jacob and Ester Fulenwider. His family immigrated to Rowan County, North Carolina in the 1760s.

Military and iron career
During the American Revolutionary War, Fulenwider served in the Rowan County militia. He fought at Ramsour’s Mill and Kings Mountain, which were two pivotal battles in the war.
Fulenwider was one of the pioneers in the field of making pig iron using charcoal. Under the “Act to Encourage the Building of Iron Works”, Fulenwider was granted 3000 acres of land to build a manufactory. Fulenwider settled in Lincoln County for the abundance of natural resources, such as iron ore, trees, moving water, and limestone. He established 2 forges in 1795, with the one in High Shoals, North Carolina being the most successful.  Fulenwider’s iron was forged into a wide range of products, including plows, horseshoes, wagon tires, chains, nails, tools, muskets, and kitchen implements.

Death
Fulenwider died on 4 September 1826. He owned around 20000 acres of land at the time of his death. His factory in High Shoals, North Carolina was passed on to his son Henry. Nails were sold for 8 cents per pound at this point. There is a plaque in High Shoals in honor of Fulenwider. His forges remained fully operational until 1875.


== References ==

Title: List of wars by death toll
This list of wars by death toll includes all deaths directly or indirectly caused by the deadliest wars in history. These numbers encompass the deaths of military personnel resulting directly from battles or other wartime actions, as well as wartime or war-related civilian deaths, often caused by war-induced epidemics, famines, or genocides. Due to incomplete records, the destruction of evidence, differing counting methods, and various other factors, the death tolls of wars are often uncertain and highly debated. For this reason, the death tolls in this article typically provide a range of estimates.
Compiling such a list is further complicated by the challenge of defining a war. Not every violent conflict constitutes a war; for example, mass killings and genocides occurring outside of wartime are excluded, as they are not necessarily wars in themselves. This list broadly defines war as an extended conflict between two or more armed political groups. Consequently, it excludes mass death events such as human sacrifices, ethnic cleansing operations, and acts of state terrorism or political repression during peacetime or in contexts unrelated to war.

List
Charts and graphs
See also
Casualty recording
Timeline of wars
List of battles by casualties
List of number of conflicts per year
Lists of wars
List of ongoing armed conflicts
List of genocides
List of sovereign states by refugee population
List of ethnic cleansing campaigns
Genocides in history
Genocide
Massacre
Casualty
War crime
Ethnic cleansing

Notes
References
Further reading
Keeley, Lawrence H. (1996). War Before Civilization. Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199761531.
Gat, Azar (2008). War in Human Civilization. Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199236633
Pinker, Steven (2011). The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined. Penguin Books. ISBN 9780670022953. (see also: 2016 update)
Levy, Jack S. (1983). War in the Modern Great Power System: 1495-1975. University Press of Kentucky, USA. ISBN 9780813163659.

External links
An Interactive map of all the battles fought around the world in the last 4,000 years
Information on 1,500 conflicts since 1800
Max Roser: 'War and Peace'. (2016). Published online at OurWorldInData.org.

Title: Chen Wei (footballer, born 1993)
Chen Wei (Chinese: 陈伟; born 19 February 1993 in Anhui) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Suzhou Dongwu in the China League One.

Club career
Chen Wei started his professional football career in 2011 when he joined Jiangsu Youth for the 2011 China League Two campaign. Failing to join Jiangsu Sainty, he moved to another Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenxin in January 2014. On 18 April 2015, he made his Super League debut in a 4–1 home defeat against Changchun Yatai, coming on as a substitute for Zhang Wentao in the 67th minute. He was sent to the reserved team in 2018.
On 11 January 2019, Chen transferred to League Two side Suzhou Dongwu.

Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2019.


== References ==

Title: Tibet House
Tibet Houses are an international, loosely affiliated group of nonprofit cultural preservation organizations established at the request of the Dalai Lama. They work to preserve, present, and protect Tibet's ancient traditions in philosophy, mind science, art, and culture, particularly in light of the invasion and annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China  in 1950 and the subsequent Tibetan diaspora. 
The first Tibet House, Tibet House New Delhi was founded in New Delhi, India in 1965. Tulkus Gelek Rimpoche and Dagyab Kyabgoen Rinpoche were its early directors. H.E. Lama Doboom Tulku Rinpoche served as the Director for three decades, until 2011. Geshe Lhakdor was a translator and research assistant from 1986 to 1989. The house was designed by Shiv Nath Prasad in 1970 in the Brutalist architecture style. The current director is Geshe Dorjee Damdul.

Other Tibet Houses include:

Tibet House Japan, founded in 1975 in Shinjuku, Tokyo.
Tibet House US was founded in 1987 by scholar Robert Thurman, actor Richard Gere and composer Philip Glass in downtown Manhattan, New York City. Menla, a retreat space located in the Catskills near Phoenicia, New York, is an offshoot of Tibet House US. The project was spearheaded by Robert Thurman and Nena Thurman.
Casa Tibet México, founded in 1989 in Mexico City.
Casa del Tibet Barcelona, founded in 1994 in Spain.
Tibet House Trust, founded in 1994 in London, England.
Tibet Haus Germany, founded by Spiritual Director Dagyab Kyabgoen Rinpoche in 2005, in Frankfurt. and
Tibet House Moscow, founded in 2004 in Russia.
Tibet House Brasil, in São Paulo, Brazil.
There are several references to Tibet Houses in a 1964 Central Intelligence Agency "Memorandum for the Special Group", which explained "agency expenditures in support of the Tibetan program" focused on political action, propaganda, and paramilitary efforts.

The Agency is supporting the establishment of Tibet Houses in New Delhi, Geneva, and New York City. The Tibet Houses are intended to serve as unofficial representation for the Dalai Lama to maintain the concept of a separate Tibetan political identity. The Tibet House in New York City will work closely with Tibetan supporters in the United Nations, particularly the Malayan, Irish, and Thai delegations.e. Tibet Houses in New York, Geneva, and New Delhi (1/2 year) — $ 75,000
In 1998 the Tibetan government-in-exile stated that the CIA subsidy was "spent on setting up offices in Geneva and New York and on international lobbying," the Tibet Bureau in Geneva and the Office of Tibet in Washington D.C., formerly in New York. Lodi Gyari, the Dalai Lama’s personal representative in Washington, said he did not know about the CIA's $180,000-a-year subsidy or where the money went.

See also
List of organizations of Tibetans in exile
Central Tibetan Administration
Sinicization of Tibet
Annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China
Battle of Chamdo
History of Tibet (1950–present)
Tibetan diaspora
Tibetan sovereignty debate

References
External links

Tibet House New Delhi, India
Tibet House Japan
Tibet House US
Casa Tibet, Mexico
Casa del Tibet Barcelona
Tibet House, London
Tibethaus, Frankfurt, Germany
Tibet House Moscow, Russia
Tibet House Brasil

Title: 1977 Scheldeprijs
The 1977 Scheldeprijs was the 64th edition of the Scheldeprijs cycle race and was held on 2 August 1977. The race was won by Marc Demeyer.

General classification


== References ==

Title: Samajbadi Party Nepal
Samajbadi Party Nepal (translation: Socialist Party) is a political party in Nepal, led by Salim Miya Ansari. The party is registered with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2008 Constituent Assembly election.
Ansari became a minister in 2005, appointed by King Gyanendra. The party won one mayoral post in the 2006 municipal elections. Mohammad Manjur Alam Ansari of the Samajbadi Party Nepal was elected deputy mayor of Kailaya in the same elections.


== References ==

Title: Ondřej Bačo
Ondřej Bačo (born 25 March 1996) is a Czech footballer who plays for Israeli club Ironi Tiberias.

Club career
He made his Czech First League debut for Fastav Zlín on 18 November 2016 in a game against Vysočina Jihlava.
On 1 August 2021, Bačo signed for the Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Jerusalem.
On 14 January 2024, Bačo joined Diósgyőr in Hungary.

Honours
Fastav Zlín

Czech Cup: 2016–17

References
External links
Ondřej Bačo at Fortunaliga.cz 
Ondřej Bačo – Czech First League statistics at Fotbal DNES (in Czech)
Ondřej Bačo at Soccerway

Title: LaBahn Arena
LaBahn Arena is the home ice of the Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey team.  It was the second arena to be purpose-built for a women's collegiate hockey team; the first was Minnesota's Ridder Arena. The arena is connected via a tunnel to the Kohl Center, which the women's team shared with the men's team from its inception in 1999 until 2012. The men's team also practices there. The facility also houses locker rooms for the swimming and diving teams.

Naming
The arena is named for longtime Badger boosters Chuck and Mary Ann LaBahn, its main fundraisers.

Background
Before 2012, the women's ice hockey team drove from its headquarters at the Camp Randall Memorial Sports Center to the Kohl Center. Whenever the Kohl Center was being readied for a basketball game, the women drove to a rink in nearby Verona for practice. The men often practiced at the Bob Johnson Hockey Facility three miles from campus or the Memorial Sports Center when the Kohl Center was being readied for basketball. They often had to make these trips in dangerous conditions during Madison's typically snowy and icy winters, leading Wisconsin State Journal columnist Andy Baggot to argue that LaBahn's construction was a "necessity" for the players' safety.
The men's ice hockey team also played at LaBahn Arena during the 2020-21 season. Normally, LaBahn serves as the backup venue for the men's team. However, during the 2020-21 season, the Big Ten Conference mandated all conference games be played behind closed doors. School officials felt they could not justify the expense of switching the Kohl Center between basketball and hockey without fans in attendance, and opted to have the men play the entire season at LaBahn.

References
External links
Info page at UWBadgers.com Archived 2013-01-23 at the Wayback Machine

Title: Australian rules football in Iceland
Australian Rules Football was played by three clubs in Iceland, with the Andspyrnusamband Íslands (Icelandic Australian Football League – IceAFL) being the main league and controlling body for the sport. The IceAFL was founded in 2009, and regular competition commenced in 2010. The league was the world's most northerly Australian Rules Football league. Since the inaugural Arctic Cup competition Australian Rules Football hasn't been played in Iceland.

History
Australian rules football has been played in Iceland since 20 May 2009, when Friðgeir Torfi Ásgeirsson, who had played in the Danish Australian Football League, placed an ad in a local newspaper and put up flyers at pubs and schools around Reykjavik looking for players. A group of seven people gathered that afternoon at the far end of the Reykjavik Pond.
Before the first club was founded in Iceland, a national team, named the Icelandic Ravens, had been assembled for the 2009 EU Cup. The first teams were founded in April 2010 and are known as the Dragons, Eagles and Bulls. The team names come from Iceland's coat of arms, leaving the Giant as the only symbol unaccounted for.
The current (2017) president is Friðgeir Torfi Ásgeirsson.

Clubs
There are three clubs currently playing Australian Rules Football in Iceland. They play each other in the nine-a-side IceAFL league. The league was founded in 2009 by Friðgeir Torfi Ásgeirsson, who is the current league president. In its inaugural year 2010, the IceAFL league was named the IceAFL Fostersleague after its main sponsor.
The Bulls
Eyjólfur Bjarni Sigurjónsson, having taken over as National Coach from Friðgeir Torfi Ásgeirsson, founded the Bulls and captained them. In the Icelandic AFL's inaugural year the Bulls won the double by winning both the pre-season Cup Tournament and the domestic league.
The Dragons
The Dragons were founded by Jón Zophoníasson, who captained and coached the team until after the European Championships 2010, when Viðar Valdimarsson took over as coach. In the spring of 2012 the Dragons moved north to Akureyri and are currently (summer of 2012) managed by Sölvi Fannar Sigmarsson, and coached by Jón Hrói Finnsson.
The Eagles
The Eagles were founded by national team captain and league founder Friðgeir Torfi Ásgeirsson.

National Team
The Icelandic national team is nicknamed the Ravens and participated in two international competitions in its first year of existence. The Ravens reached the 9PO at the EU Cup 2009, beating the EU Crusaders to take home the EU Cup Bowl. In its second outing, Iceland, along with players from France, played in the inaugural full-field Australian Rules European Championships in Denmark and Sweden. After losses to hosts Denmark and Great Britain, Iceland defeated Finland before losing to Croatia, and ultimately finished in sixth place. In the 2012 Euro Cup, after losing against Norway in the Euro Plate final, they ended up in overall 14th place.

List of Icelandic Champions
2010: Bulls
2011: Bulls
2012: Eagles
2013: Bulls/Eagles (combined team)
2014: Eagles
2015: Bulls
2016: no league competition
2017: no league competition

List of Icelandic Cup winners
2010: Bulls (2 games won, 0 lost).
No national cup tournament has been held since 2010

Arctic Cup
Iceland is a founding member of the Arctic Cup Tournament and the inaugural tournament was hosted by Iceland in 2017.

List of Best and Fairest
2009 Leifur Bjarnason (based on games with the national team, as no league had been officially formed yet). 
2010 Leifur Bjarnason 
2011 Leifur Bjarnason 
2012 Leifur Bjarnason 
2013 Leifur Bjarnason 
2014 Leifur Bjarnason 
2015 Leifur Bjarnason 
2016 N/A (No league competition) 
2017 N/A (No league competition)


== References ==

Title: W79
W79 may refer to:

Cubitruncated cuboctahedron
Minami-Wakkanai Station, in Hokkaido, Japan
Tappahannock Municipal Airport, in Essex County, Virginia, United States
W79 Artillery-Fired Atomic Projectile

Title: John Robert Holmes
John Robert Holmes (3 September 1927 – 29 December 2011) was a Canadian politician. First elected in the 1972 federal election, he served as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament representing the riding of Lambton—Kent.  He was re-elected in the 1974 and 1979 elections, but was defeated in the 1980 election.


== References ==

Title: Catherine Cecil, Countess of Salisbury
Catherine Cecil, Countess of Salisbury (c.1590 – January 1673), formerly Lady Catherine Howard, granddaughter of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk, member of the House of Howard and was the wife of William Cecil, 2nd Earl of Salisbury of Hatfield House.
She was a daughter of Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk of Audley End House, and his second wife, the former Catherine Knyvett.
She married the future Earl of Salisbury on 1 December 1608, and became countess when he inherited the earldom on his father's death in 1612. Their children, several of whom died in infancy, were:

Hon. Robert Cecil
Hon. Philip Cecil
Hon. William Cecil
Hon. Edward Cecil
Lady Anne Cecil (1612-1637), who married Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland, and had children
James Cecil, Viscount Cranborne (born and died 1616)
Lady Elizabeth Cecil (1619-1689), who married William Cavendish, 3rd Earl of Devonshire, and had children
Charles Cecil, Viscount Cranborne (1619-1660), who married Lady Diana Maxwell; their son became the 3rd Earl.
Lady Diana Cecil (1622-1633)
Lady Catherine Cecil (c.1628-1652), who married Philip Sydney, 3rd Earl of Leicester, and had children
Lady Mary Cecil (c.1631-c.1676), who married William Sandys, 1st/6th Baron Sandys, but had no children
Hon. Algernon Cecil (died 1676), who married Dorothy Nevile and had children
In 1615, the countess was present at Trinity College, Cambridge, for the performance of Aemilia by students, in the presence of King James I of England.
In 1617, the countess acted as godmother to James Murray, 2nd Earl of Tullibardine, the eldest son of Patrick Murray, 1st Earl of Tullibardine.
After Salisbury's retirement from public life, they made their home at Hatfield House. The countess's portrait was painted by Sir Peter Lely (some time after his arrival in England in 1641), and is held at Burghley House.


== References ==

Title: Afrique 50
Afrique 50 [a.fʁik sɛ̃.kɑ̃t] is a 1950 French documentary film directed by René Vautier. The first French anti-colonialist film, the film derived from an assignment in which the director was to cover educational activities by the French League of Schooling in West Africa (in modern Mali and Ivory Coast). Vautier later filmed what he saw, a "lack of teachers and doctors, the crimes committed by the French Army in the name of France, the instrumentalization of the colonized peoples". For his role in the film Vautier was imprisoned over several months. The film was not permitted to be shown for more than 40 years.

References
External links
African Film Festival of Cordoba-FCAT (license CC BY-SA-3.0)
Afrique 50 at IMDb

Title: Cuckney Hill
Cuckney Hill lies between the village of Cuckney and the town of Market Warsop, in Nottinghamshire, East Midlands, England. Locals ironically refer to it as 'Cuckney Mountain', as it is in fact quite small and does not stand out in the local Meden Valley region because of Welbeck Colliery's pit tip, adjacent to Cuckney Hill.
Cuckney Hill is located on the A60 road and is surrounded by trees, farmland and the pit tip. From the top of the hill the whole of Market Warsop can be seen.


== References ==

Title: Emma Rickards
Emma Rickards (born 17 November 1973) is a road cyclist from Australia. She represented her nation at the 2006, 2007 and 2008 UCI Road World Championships.

References
External links
Emma Rickards at ProCyclingStats

Title: Kōsuke Toyohara
Kōsuke Toyohara (豊原 功補, Toyohara Kōsuke, born 25 September 1965) is a Japanese actor and singer who has appeared in more than 80 films since 1982. He serves as head representative of Headrock Inc.

Career
Toyohara graduated from Nakano High School (part-time). He began appearing on television in his teenage years but primarily established himself as an actor through V-cinema. He later appeared in Junji Sakamoto's films, such as Aegis and Chameleon. In 2007, he won the Best Actor Award at the 5th Monaco International Film Festival for Cinderella Formula. In 2012, he starred in the film A Gentle Rain Falls for Fukushima. In 2017, he planned, wrote, directed and starred in his first stage production of the theatrical comedy Meijin Chōji. In February 2018, he went public with his affair with Kyōko Koizumi, with whom he had been working closely for a long time, despite being married and with children.

Selected filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
HEADROCK website
Kōsuke Toyohara on NHK Archives
Kōsuke Toyohara at IMDb
Kōsuke Toyohara on Twitter

Title: Chinaza Agoh
Chinaza Favour Agoh (born 27 November 2004) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Egyptian Women's Premier League club ZED FC.

Club career
Delta Queens
She won the 2022 Sheroes Cup as part of Delta Queens, securing the title of top scorer with a tally of six goals throughout the tournament.
In the final of the 2022–23 NWFL Premiership she scored a brace against Bayelsa Queens to win the 6th title for the club.
After being voted the Most Valuable Player in the Nigeria Women's Football League Premiership for the 2022/2023 season, Agoh and her club the title holders competed in the 2023 CAF Women's Champions League WAFU Zone B Qualifiers. Despite clinching silver, their performance wasn't sufficient to qualify for the Champions League.

Al-Shabab: (2024)
On 22 February 2024, Al-Shabab announced the signing of the Falconets striker Agoh. She made her professional debut for the club on 16 March 2024 in a 2–0 win against Al Qadsiah.

ZED: (2024–)
In October 2024, Agoh joined ZED FC in the Egyptian Women's Premier League.

International career
Agoh is a current Nigerian youth international.

Honours
Delta Queens

NWFL Premiership Champions: 2022–23
Sheroes Cup Champions: 2022
Individual

NWFL Premiership Most Valuable Player: 2022–23
Sheroes Cup Top Scorer: 2022

References
External links
Chinaza Agoh at Soccerway
Chinaza Agoh at OGol
Chinaza Agoh on Twitter

Title: The Aurum Film Encyclopedia, Volume 2: Science Fiction
The Aurum Film Encyclopedia, Volume 2: Science Fiction is a book by Phil Hardy published in 1984.

Plot summary
The Aurum Film Encyclopedia, Volume 2: Science Fiction is a book that covers over 1200 science fiction films, going back from one-minute films of the 1890s up to the films released in 1983. Expanded editions were published on 1991 and 1995, and were published by The Overlook Press in the United States with the corresponding change in title.

Reception
Dave Langford reviewed The Aurum Film Encyclopedia, Volume 2: Science Fiction for White Dwarf #60, and stated that "it's top class, for both browsing and reference."
Colin Greenland reviewed The Aurum Film Encyclopedia: Science Fiction for Imagine magazine, and stated that "Anyone who cares about SF films should badger librarians or gift-givers for a copy of The Aurum Film Encyclopedia: Science Fiction."

Reviews
Foundation, #55 Summer 1992
The Zone, Summer 1996


== References ==

Title: Michelle Gómez
Michelle Alejandra Gómez Bustos (born July 17, 1992) is a Colombian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Miss Earth Colombia 2015 and represented Colombia at Miss Earth 2016. She also made history for Colombia as the first Colombian elemental queen after receiving the Miss Earth - Air 2016 title.

Biography
Early life and career beginnings
As published in Miss Earth's official website, Michelle described her childhood days as, "I was one of the best students in my school, my favorites subjects were science, and Spanish. I loved to play in the park near to my house with my cousins and friends, we used to plant flowers and pick up flowers to decorate our houses, we were like the guardians of the park, and I also loved to dress up like a model and imagine that I was a super model." She learned that, "I learned to love nature with my friends; we were so worried about the plants and animals. And I also to respect every living thing on earth."

Pageantry
Miss Earth Colombia 2016
Michelle Gómez represented her hometown, Sumapaz, at the Miss Earth Colombia 2016 pageant. At the end of the pageant, Michelle was hailed as Miss Earth Colombia 2016 and was crowned by Miss Earth 2015 Angelia Ong.

Miss Earth 2016
At the end of the pageant, Gómez finished as Miss Earth - Air 2016.

References
External links
Miss Earth Official Website
Miss Earth Colombia 2016 Eco-Beauty Video
Michelle Gómez  at Miss Earth Official Website

Title: Extended Versions (Foreigner album)
Extended Versions is a live album that was recorded by the rock group Foreigner on November 26, 2005 at Texas Station in North Las Vegas, Nevada. This is part of a long-running budget live series started by BMG in the late 1990s. The European release contains two more tracks: “That Was Yesterday” and “Blue Morning, Blue Day”.

Track listing
"Head Games" – 5:54
"Cold as Ice" – 5:45
"Waiting for a Girl Like You" – 5:53
"Dirty White Boy" – 4:27
"Starrider" – 6:51
"Feels Like the First Time" – 5:36
"Urgent" – 8:03
"Juke Box Hero/Whole Lotta Love" – 8:58
"I Want to Know What Love Is" – 6:48
"Hot Blooded" – 8:18

Featuring
Kelly Hansen        -      Lead Vocals
Mick Jones - Lead Guitar, Backing Vocals, Lead Vocals on "Starrider"
Thom Gimbel         -      Rhythm Guitar, Saxophone, Flute, Backing Vocals
Jeff Jacobs             -      Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Jeff Pilson	 - 	Bass, Backing Vocals
Jason Bonham	 - 	Drums

Title: Notre Dame de France
Notre Dame de France is a French Catholic church in London's Soho. It is located on Leicester Place just north of Leicester Square.

History
The origins of the church date back to the mid 1800s, however, the building itself is older. In 1861, Cardinal Wiseman, Archbishop of Westminster, asked the Marist Fathers to establish a mission to support the large French community in the area, and placed Father Charles Faure in charge of the project. On 25 March 1865, Father Faure purchased a circular building off Leicester Square. It was known as Burford's Panorama and was an early form of visual entertainment in the West End, built as a tourist attraction in the early 1800s. Faure employed the services of French architect Louis-Auguste Boileau, an early promoter of cast iron architecture, to transform this building into a church. He retained the rotunda, hence the circular shape of the present building. Upon consecration in 1868, it was the first cast-iron church built in London.

Second World War
During the Battle of Britain in 1940, the church was badly damaged by bombing. The following year, it re-opened after extensive structural repairs overseen by Father Laurent. However, it still needed much work, and it was not until 1948 that repairs were completed under the supervision of the new Superior, Father Deguerry and with the support of French Ambassador Jean Chauvel, the French cultural attaché René Varin and the British Prime Minister, Anthony Eden. René Varin encouraged the creation of a sacred space that would honour France. In the period between 1953 and 1960, he approached eminent artists of the time to work on the decoration of the rebuilt church.
The architect for the rebuilding of the church in 1953-55 was Hector Corfiato.

Artwork
Over the entrance is a bas relief carving of Our Lady of Mercy (1953) by Georges-Laurent Saupique.
The tapestry behind the main altar is by Dom Robert, a Benedictine monk of the En-Calcat Abbey, on the theme of Paradise on earth, with references to the Creation and to Wisdom, the New Eve. The quotation is from the book of Proverbs.
The Lady Chapel contains murals by Jean Cocteau (1960) depicting the Annunciation, Crucifixion and Assumption. The murals were restored in 2012. The wooden board that was painted by Cocteau was removed to reveal the mosaic of the Nativity (1954) by Boris Anrep on the altar; the Cocteau painting remains on display on an adjacent wall.
There is a modern altarpiece showing 'The Flight of Holy Family into Egypt' by Timur D'Vatz (2016).

Organ
The organ was built by August Gern in 1868. It was enlarged in 1938 by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd, dismantled during the 1940 blitz of London and rebuilt in 1955 by J.W. Walker & Sons. It was renovated in 1986 and modernised and refurbished by B.C. Shepherd & Son in 2010.

Pastoral services
The modern church provides pastoral services to the growing French community in London, and has developed a series of charitable and evangelizing initiatives with other local Catholic churches of the West End.

See also

French migration to the United Kingdom


== References ==

Title: James Dalton (pastoralist)
James Dalton (1834 in County Limerick, Ireland – 17 March 1919 in Duntryleague, Orange, New South Wales) was a wealthy Australian merchant and pastoralist who promoted Roman Catholicism and the development of food distribution throughout the Colony of New South Wales. He was the patriarch of the wealthy Irish Australian Dalton family.

Life
Ireland
James Dalton was born in 1834 in Duntryleague, County Limerick, Ireland as the second son of James Dalton and his first wife Eleanor Dalton (née Ryan); he had an elder brother, Thomas, and an elder sister, Margaret. He lived in Duntryleague for the first 13 years of his life. His father was shipped to the Colony of New South Wales for aiding and assisting in kidnapping a widow, Catherine Sheehan, in November 1833 and imprisoning her for a week in the north of Ireland with several other men, one being his brother-in-law, Daniel Ryan. James Dalton senior was tried on 14 March 1835, and was at first sentenced to death on 8 April; the sentence was shortly afterward commuted to transportation. He was transported to New South Wales in 1835 on the convict ship the Hive, on its second voyage to Australia, when James Dalton junior was less than a year old. When James senior reached Australia, the Hive was wrecked near Jervis Bay with one fatality whilst it sailed along the coast. He arrived in Sydney on Christmas Eve 1835 after the New South Wales Government sent a ship to help salvage the prisoners, soldiers and money the ship was carrying.
James's mother died at some point when his father was in New South Wales, and he was left alone whilst Thomas and Margaret Dalton were in North America. In 1842–43, his father had been released from Bathurst Jail in New South Wales with a ticket of freedom to do as he pleased, including to move back to Ireland, but he chose to stay in Australia and moved to Fredericks Valley, a small mining settlement near Lucknow. In 1847 James' father petitioned for his family to be shipped to New South Wales; James, being the only one in Ireland, was shipped aboard the Panama, accompanied by no-one, to the Colony.
Both Thomas and Margaret Dalton eventually moved to Australia.

Australia
When James arrived in Australia in 1847, his father was in a small mining settlement known as Fredericks Valley just out of the settlement of Orange (then known as Blackmans Swamp) near Lucknow, between Blackmans Swamp and Bathurst running a small shop for the miners. Together, James senior and James junior, ran a small wood and bark clad shop in Fredericks Valley. In 1851, James senior remarried Joanna Hogan in St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, and together they have another three children. After he remarried, James senior moved to Orange (Blackmans Swamp Creek) and opened another store with his new wife and James junior. James senior became a publican at the Daniel O'Connell Inn. In 1858, Thomas Dalton, James junior's older brother, returned from Canada and arrived in Orange, via Sydney. Thomas and James ran the store in Orange which was now known as the Dalton Bros store. In the same year, James junior married Margaret Mary Collins, the eldest child of John, who was the proprietor of the Springside Inn, and Jane Collins. The Collins' had moved to New South Wales in 1841 as bounty immigrants. James and Margaret had 12 children.
In 1860, Margaret Dalton, James and Thomas's sister, married an Irishman in the United States, Michael Casey. A year later, Thomas Dalton married Elizabeth Fahy and together they had seven children. In 1865 Margaret (James and Thomas's sister) and Michael moved to Australia. James senior died on 1 January 1860, prior to the arrival of Margaret and Michael Collins. James Dalton senior's widow remarried.
In 1869, James became the Mayor of Orange and an active member of the community. He was also the first captain of the Orange Volunteer Fire Brigade in 1870 and an officer of Orange District Hospital in 1866. In that year his brother Thomas joined him and the firm became known as Dalton Bros. James helped displaced miners and in 1857 promised to build a mill if they grew wheat; his flour-mill was built in 1861, which later became one of the largest and most expensive in the colony. The firm's business expanded until it became the largest wholesale distributor west of the Blue Mountains. They had great success producing roasted and ground coffee and wheat on a large scale. The Dalton Bros Flour Mill also shipped flour to Britain and was very expensive and highly regarded in prestigious shows in England.
Thomas left Orange and moved to Sydney and opened the import and export division of Dalton Bros. He built Dalton House in 1878 on Pitt Street and built stores in Lower Fort Street. Dalton Bros became such a large and influential company, they occupied a dock at Millers Point, Barangaroo. After his first wife died in 1877 at the age of 24 years, Thomas remarried to Mary-Anne Ahern. Thomas received papal knighthood, became mayor of Orange in 1877, represented Orange in the NSW Legislative Assembly between 1882 and 1891 and was a member of the NSW Legislative Council between 1892 and 1901. He died in Sydney on 26 June 1901. His daughter Blanche married Sir Mark Sheldon.
In about 1880, with James running the bulk of the Dalton Bros company, it was worth approximately £125,000, (estimated in 2010, with inflation, GDP, and currency changes, to be worth £9,700,000 or A$14.27 million). Despite exceptional enterprise and business ability James was kindly, unassuming and ever ready to help an Irishman in distress. He was a friend of Cardinal Patrick Moran and Bishop John Dunne and a benefactor of St Mary's Cathedral. James, was appointed a papal knight in 1877 and died, aged 85, on 17 March 1919 at Duntryleague, Orange. He is buried in the Dalton Crypt at the Orange Cemetery. He was predeceased by his wife, he was survived by six sons and six daughters.

Children
James and Margaret Dalton had 12 children, 6 boys and 6 girls:

Out of the eight of the twelve children of James Dalton that gave offspring, 23 were born.

Influence in Orange and New South Wales
James Dalton was a major influence on the running of Orange and the surrounding areas. James Dalton was the mayor of Orange in 1869, he was a major influence on the train line going through to Orange, he built outstanding homes throughout the Orange area with commanding views over the whole region. James was also a key person in the construction of the famous Cook Park in Central Orange taking up an entire city block. He was also one of the major firms and families to fund the building of the band stand and the James Dalton Fountain Since he was Irish Catholic and very wealthy he was one of the most powerful Catholic men in the colony, he funded the construction of Orange's St Joseph's Catholic Church.

Buildings constructed and owned by James Dalton in Orange
He also built many of Oranges famous buildings such as:

Duntryleague Mansion, Woodward Street (1876) When it was built it was one of the colony's grandest homes. It was built for approximately 50,000 pounds (today it would be equal to 3,522,000 Australian dollars (approx) or 2,285,000 British pounds) It is now one of Australia's most prestigious golf courses. When James became a papal knight, he was given a stunning stained glass window by the Vatican for his services to the church which is on display in Duntryleague's grand staircase. It is on the National Heritage List.
Kangaroobie Homestead (1881)
Galbally Byng Street - It is on the State Heritage List
Mena, Kite Street (1875). James built it for his sons but was later turned into a maternity hospital in the 1930s. It was then turned into a block of flats but has since been renovated and converted to its former glory. - It is on the National Heritage List.
The Dalton Bros Shop buildings, Summer Street (1865)
Ammerdown Homestead - It is on the National Heritage List.
Adare
Look Out
Australia Hall (Australia Cinema)
Dalton Wool Stores
Dalton Bros first flour Mill - North East Corner of Summer and Sale Streets ("The formal opening of Messrs. Dalton Bros. new flour mill took place to-day, and was celebrated with a banquet, at which over 300 persons sat down. Mr. James Dalton occupied the chair, and there were present Messer's. Torps, M.L A., J. T, Lane, P. M.., the Mayors of Orange and East Orange, and most of the leading citizens. The mill was started by the Misses Jane and Winifred Dalton, daughters of the proprietors. The erection of the mill was started 12-month ago, the building being from plans by Messer's. A. D. Nelson and Co., Sydney, who contracted for the erection of all the machinery. The machinery was made by Messer's Hind and Lund, of Preston, Lancashire, England. In the meantime while, the construction of the mill was going on the ironwork was being constructed by Messer's A. D. Nelson in Sydney. The machinery is considerably heavier than that in any other mill in New South Wales There are five brake roller mills 40in. Long and 10in. in diameter. The reduction plant contains nine sets of rollers, each 25in. long and 10in. in diameter, and each of the mills has four rollers. There are 17 acts of elevators. On the second floor is the Atlas purifiers, so constructed as to dispense with storeroom and dust collectors. On the third floor are the centrifugals and scalpers. On the floor are more centrifugals and brake reels. In the basement the shafting for driving the reduction and brake rolls extends the full length of the building. One feature of the machinery is that the motive power is in every case direct from the engine to each line of shafting. The new building contains 300,000 bricks, and 12,000 yards of earth were excavated for the foundations. The plant is said to be the largest and most expensive in the colony" - from The Sydney Morning Herald - Tuesday 19 April 1892). The mill ceased production in 1908 when the Dalton Bros new mill was opened (below).
Dalton Bros second flour Mill - Peisley Street, across from Wade Park Oval opened in 1908 to replace the earlier mill (above). The Mill ceased Production in 1956 and most of it was torn down in 1965, however a section still remains.

Pastoral holdings across New South Wales
By the time of James' death in 1919, the family's Orange district landholdings encompassed more than 30,000 ha extending from the town boundary to Mullion Creek, 20 km to the north. In addition, the Dalton's owned the 11,000 ha "Gobabla" at Nevertire and "Belowra" (20,000 ha) near Nymagee, as well as interests in several stations around Condobolin. The Orange properties alone ran 40,000 sheep, which were shorn – along with sheep from other surrounding properties– at a 32-stand wool shed near the Mullion Creek railway siding. The properties were run as an integrated unit as Dalton Estates, with weaners (Romney/Merino cross) sent from "Kangaroobie" to "Gobabla" to grow out, the wether portion then transferred as wool cutters to "Belowra" and the ewes back to "Kangaroobie". Shorthorn cattle were also run on "Kangaroobie" and other Dalton properties, and bullocks were sent to the western stations for finishing in good seasons.

Sydney holdings
James Dalton was very influential throughout the colony and owned land and buildings across New South Wales. When James and his brother became partners, they built stores in lower Fort Street and had one of the largest owned wharfs and bond and free warehouses at Millers Point on Port Jackson. They also built Dalton House at 115 Pitt Street (which is no longer standing) to manage the company east of the Blue Mountains and to manage the importing/exporting branch of Dalton Bros.

John and William Redmond
James Dalton provided funds and leadership for the Irish nationalist movement in New South Wales. In 1882 his presiding over an Irish Land League meeting was questioned in the Legislative Assembly. He was closely associated with the visit of the Irish nationalists, John and William Redmond, to the colony in 1883. As president of the local branch of the Irish National League, Dalton with two other magistrates signed an address of welcome to Redmond, which praised their 'resolute resistance to the oppressive proceedings of a foreign senate.
James had a lot to do John and William Redmond, and while the Redmonds were in Orange, they wanted to lecture in some of the halls in the district, but the council denied them access and they didn't want to lecture in James's Shop. On this note, James built the Redmonds their own hall the lecture in, it is now known as the Australian Cinema in Lords Place which was a premier cinema in Orange until late 2010, it is now in line to be converted into an evangelical church until the church raises funds to build a new facility.
On 4 September 1884 John Redmond married Dalton's half-sister Johanna, and then James's eldest daughter, Elanor, On 24 February 1886 in London, married Willie Redmond, which cemented the families bonds and they became renowned partners. Willie Redmond was Promoted to major in World War I, he was killed in action on 7 June 1917 on Wytschaete Ridge, Belgium, and was buried in the garden of the hospice at Locre. Elanor returned to Orange and died in Sydney on 31 January 1947, predeceased by their only son.

See also
Orange
John Redmond
James Joseph Dalton


== Sources ==

Title: Haniel Langaro
Haniel Vinícius Inoue Langaro (born 7 March 1995) is a Brazilian professional handball player for Dinamo București and the Brazilian handball team.

Career
Until January 2016 Langaro played for his hometown club EC Pinheiros. He then moved to Europe to join Spanish club Naturhouse La Rioja, where he played for a season before joining French club Dunkerque HGL.
In 2020 he joined FC Barcelona. Here he has won the EHF Champions League in 2021, 2022 and 2024, as well as the Spanish championship and Spanish cup in every season he was there. He also won the 2022 and 2023 Iberian Supercup.
In the summer of 2024 he joined Romanian Dinamo București.

National Team
With Brazil he won the 2016 Pan American Championship.
He participated at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and again at the 2020 Olympics.
In 2025 he was part of the Brazilian team that reached the quarterfinal of the World Championship for the first time, knocking out Sweden, Norway and Spain. They lost the quarterfinal to Denmark.

Honours
EHF Champions League
Winner: 2021, 2022, 2024

Individual awards
2020 South and Central American Men's Handball Championship: Best left back

References
External links
Haniel Langaro at the International Handball Federation
Haniel Langaro at the European Handball Federation
Haniel Langaro at the Ligue Nationale de Handball (in French)
Haniel Langaro at Olympics.com
Haniel Langaro at the Brazilian Olympic Committee (in Portuguese)

Title: Vall d'Alba
Vall d'Alba is a municipality in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.


== References ==

Title: Dan Reiter
Dan Reiter (born 29 September 1967, in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American political scientist. He is currently the Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor at the Department of Political Science at Emory University.

Education
Reiter received his B.A. with honors in political science from Northwestern University in 1989 and his Ph.D in political science from the University of Michigan in 1994. He was a John M. Olin postdoctoral fellow in national security at Harvard University from 1994 to 1995.

Academic career
Reiter has had a number of articles published in leading peer-reviewed journals, including the American Political Science Review and World Politics. His book, How Wars End, was the recipient of a 2010 Best Book Award from the American Political Science Association.

Bibliography
Crucible of Beliefs: Learning, Alliances and World Wars (Cornell University Press, 1996)
Democracies at War (Princeton University Press, 2002)
Preventive War and Its Alternatives: The Lessons of History (Strategic Studies Institute, U.S., Army War College, 2006)
How Wars End (Princeton University Press, 2009)

Notes
External links
Dan Reiter's website[1]
Dan Reiter at the Emory University Department of Political Science

Title: Portal:U.S. roads/Did you know/Recommend/2014
== January 2014 ==

February 2014
April 2014
May 2014


== Remainder of 2014 ==

Title: Jackson Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania
Jackson Township is a township in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 588 at the 2020 census.

History
The Israel and Samuel Lupfer Tannery Site and House, Book's Covered Bridge, Mount Pleasant Covered Bridge, and New Germantown Covered Bridge are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 37.3 square miles (97 km2), all land.

Demographics

As of the census of 2000, there were 525 people, 182 households, and 143 families living in the township.  The population density was 14.1 people per square mile (5.4/km2).  There were 264 housing units at an average density of 7.1/sq mi (2.7/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 99.05% White, 0.19% African American, 0.19% from other races, and 0.57% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.38% of the population.
There were 182 households, out of which 32.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were married couples living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.4% were non-families. 20.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.34.
In the township the population was spread out, with 30.5% under the age of 18, 10.3% from 18 to 24, 25.0% from 25 to 44, 18.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.7 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $37,054, and the median income for a family was $39,821. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $17,679 for females. The per capita income for the township was $16,005.  About 11.6% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 8.5% of those age 65 or over.


== References ==

Title: Module:Location map/data/South China Sea


Title: Taurakiemis Eldership
Taurakiemis Eldership (Lithuanian: Taurakiemio seniūnija) is a Lithuanian eldership, located in the southern part of Kaunas District Municipality.


== References ==

Title: Dimitri Gogos
Dimitri Gogos (13 February 1931 – 20 May 2019) was a Greek-Australian journalist and editor known for founding the Melbourne-based Greek community newspaper Neos Kosmos.

Early life
Dimitri Gogos was born in Chios on February 13, 1931, to Greek immigrants from Asia-Minor. In 1950, he immigrated to Melbourne, Australia, where he worked as a waiter and busboy before finding work in various factories, including General Motors Holden. Gogos later reflected that he experienced discrimination as a Greek immigrant teenager in Australia. After working a stint at the Australia Post, he began working as a reporter and journalist in his spare time for publications like The Olympic Youth Club, The Australian Greek Review and The Australian Greek.

Career
In 1957, Gogos bought the Greek Communist newspaper Australoellinas, and was its sole editor. He later founded his own newspaper Neos Kosmos. The first edition of Neos Kosmos was published on February 13, 1957, the occasion of Gogos' 26th birthday. Gogos was an advocate for Hellenic culture and the rights of Greek workers, and his political position greatly influenced Neos Kosmos.

Personal life
He is the grandfather of Australian actress Olympia Valance.


== References ==

Title: Chess at the 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games
Chess at the 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games was held in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan from 21 to 27 September 2017 at the Chess Centre.

Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Results
Men
Individual standard
21–24 September

Team blitz
27 September

Swiss round
Knockout round
Team rapid
Swiss round
25–26 September

Knockout round
26 September

Team blitz (U23)
27 September

Swiss round
Knockout round
Team rapid (U23)
Swiss round
25–26 September

Knockout round
26 September

Women
Individual standard
21–24 September

Team blitz
27 September

Swiss round
Knockout round
Team rapid
Swiss round
25–26 September

Knockout round
26 September

Team blitz (U23)
27 September

Swiss round
Knockout round
Team rapid (U23)
Swiss round
25–26 September

Knockout round
26 September

References
Medalists by events

External links
Official website
Results book – Chess

Title: Princess Ansu
Princess Ansu (Korean: 안수궁주; 안수공주; Hanja: 安壽宮主; 安壽公主), also known as Princess Sunjeong (순정공주; 順貞公主) was a Goryeo Royal Princess as the third daughter of King Sukjong and Queen Myeongui.

Biography
Born prior to 1105, she was the third daughter of King Sukjong and Queen Myeongui. The Princess was also the younger sister of the future King Yejong.
She firstly received her title in 1105 (10th year of reign of her father) and was given the "Ansu Palace" (안수궁; 安壽宮) as her own mansion after her eldest brother's ascension in the same year. She later married her half uncle's son, Wang Won the Duke Gwangpyeong (광평공 왕원), and had a son, Wang Gyeong the Duke Anpyeong (안평공 왕경), who would marry Ansu's niece through her older brother, Princess Heunggyeong (흥경공주).

Family
Father - Wang Eung, Sukjong of Goryeo (숙종 고려; 2 September 1054 – 10 November 1105)
Mother - Queen Myeongui of the Jeongju Yu clan (명의왕후 유씨; ? – 8 August 1112)
Siblings
Older sister - Princess Daeryeong (대령궁주; ? – 1114)
Older brother - Wang Woo, Yejong of Goryeo (예종 고려; 11 February 1079 – 15 May 1122)
Older brother - Wang Pil, Marquis Sangdang (상당후 왕필; ? – 31 October 1099)
Older sister - Princess Heungsu of the Kaeseong Wang clan (흥수공주 왕씨; ? – 1123)
Older brother - Wang Jing-eom, Wonmyeongguksa (원명국사 징엄; 1090 – 28 May 1141)
Older brother - Wang Bo, Duke Daebang (대방공 왕보; ? – 1128)
Older brother - Wang Hyo, Duke Daewon (대원공 왕효; 1093 – 6 May 1161)
Older brother - Wang Seo, Duke Jean (제안공 왕서; ? – 1131)
Younger sister - Princess Boknyeong (복녕궁주; 1096 – 30 June 1133)
Husband - Wang Won, Duke Gwangpyeong (광평공 왕원; 1083 – 12 January 1170)
Father-in-law - Wang Do, Duke Joseon (조선공 왕도; ? – 1099)
Mother-in-law - Royal Consort Yangheon of the Incheon Yi clan (양헌왕비 인주 이씨)
Issue
Son - Wang Gyeong, Duke Anpyeong (안평공 왕경; 1117–1177)
Daughter-in-law - Princess Heunggyeong (흥경공주; ? – 1176)
Granddaughter - Lady Wang of the Kaeseong Wang clan (개성 왕씨; 開城 王氏)
Grandson-in-law - Wang Gi, Duke Susa (수사공 왕기)
Grandson - Wang Seong, Marquis Sian (시안후 왕성; ? – 1178)
Granddaughter-in-law - Princess Changrak (창락궁주; 1141? – 1216)
Great-Granddaughter - Queen Wondeok of the Yu clan (원덕왕후 유씨; ? – 1239); second wife of King Gangjong

References

안수궁주 on Goryeosa (in Korean).

Title: Wraparound (childcare)
The wraparound process is an intensive, individualized care management process for youths with serious or complex needs. Wraparound was initially developed in the 1980s as a means for maintaining youth with the most serious emotional and behavioral problems in their home and community. During the wraparound process, a team of individuals who are relevant to the well-being of the child or youth (e.g., family members, other natural supports, service providers, and agency representatives) collaboratively develop an individualized plan of care, implement this plan, and evaluate success over time. The wraparound plan typically includes formal services and interventions, together with community services and interpersonal support and assistance provided by friends, kin, and other people drawn from the family's social networks. The team convenes frequently to measure the plan's components against relevant indicators of success. Plan components and strategies are revised when outcomes are not being achieved.
The process of engaging the family, convening the team, developing the plan, implementing the plan, and transitioning the youth out of formal wraparound is typically facilitated by a trained care manager or “wraparound facilitator,” sometimes with the assistance of a family support worker. The wraparound process, and the plan itself, is designed to be culturally competent, strengths based, and organized around family members’ own perceptions of needs, goals, and likelihood of success of specific strategies.

History
Wraparound was initially developed in the 1980s. In recent years it has been applied within many child-serving settings as a way to improve outcomes for children and adolescents with serious emotional disturbance, autism spectrum disorders and behavioral disorders. For example, it has been used as a means to facilitate permanency outcomes for youth involved in the child welfare system, to reduce recidivism for youths involved in the juvenile justice system, and to improve academic success for youths in the special educational system.
During the wraparound process, a team of individuals who are relevant to the well-being of the child or youth (e.g., family members and other natural supports, service providers, and agency representatives) collaboratively develop an individualized plan of care, implement this plan, and evaluate success over time. The wraparound plan typically includes formal services and interventions, together with community services and interpersonal support and assistance provided by friends, kin, and other people drawn from the family's social networks. The team convenes frequently to measure the plan's components against relevant indicators of success. Plan components and strategies are revised when outcomes are not being achieved.
The process of engaging the family, convening the team, developing the plan, implementing the plan, and transitioning the youth out of formal wraparound is typically facilitated by a trained care-manager or "wraparound facilitator", sometimes with the assistance of a family-support worker. The wraparound process, and the plan itself, is designed to be culturally competent, strengths-based, and organized around family members' own perceptions of needs, goals, and likelihood of success of specific strategies.
Wraparound has been implemented nationally for over 20 years and presented as a promising practice in many publications. However, specification and consistent implementation of the model has occurred only in the past few years. In some states, wraparound refers to in-home behavioral support services. The wraparound process, however, as recently specified, is conceived as a four phase process:

engagement and team preparation
initial plan development
plan implementation
transition
The full description of the activities that typically take place in each of these phases can be found in "Phases and Activities of the Wraparound Process", a document available on the website of the National Wraparound Initiative.

Implementation essentials
Wraparound is intended to ensure that youth with complex needs (and multiple agency involvement) benefit from a coordinated care planning process that produces a single plan of care that cuts across all agencies and providers. Wraparound plans and wraparound teams require access to flexible resources and a well-developed array of services and supports in the community. As a result, wraparound implementation requires that the child-serving system is supportive of wraparound. Some of the key types of community and system supports include:

Community partnership: Key stakeholder groups, including agencies, providers, and representatives of youths and families have joined together in a collaborative effort to plan and implement wraparound.
Collaborative action: Stakeholders involved in the wraparound effort take concrete steps to translate the wraparound philosophy into concrete policies, practices and achievements.
Fiscal Policies: The community has developed fiscal strategies to support the wraparound effort and to better meet the needs of children and youth participating in the wraparound effort
Access to needed supports and services: The community has developed mechanisms for ensuring access to the services and supports that wraparound teams need to fully implement their plans.
Human Resource Development and Support: The system supports wraparound staff and partner agency staff to work in a manner that allows full implementation of the wraparound model.
Accountability. The community has implemented mechanisms to monitor wraparound fidelity, service quality, and outcomes, and to oversee the quality and development of the overall wraparound effort.
In addition to system supports, the wraparound process requires skilled facilitators and family support partners who have the right working conditions to do their jobs. As a result, the lead agency responsible for implementing the wraparound process for families must support implementation in several key ways, including maintaining adequately low caseload sizes; ensuring that primary staff receive comprehensive training and skill development; supporting wraparound team efforts to get necessary members to attend meetings and participate collaboratively; and making timely decisions regarding funding for strategies developed by teams to meet families’ unique needs.

Services that are often made available to support implementation
Mobile therapy services
Intensive psychotherapy sessions provided by a master's level therapist. These services are provided to the child and the family in non-clinical, community settings such as the home, school, or a community setting.

Behavioral specialist consulting
A specialized service provided by a master's-level clinician trained in behavior strategies. The consultant works with the family, school, and others to develop a behavioral modification plan specific to each child.

Therapeutic staff support
One-on-one assistance to children and families while implementing the child's individual treatment plan in the home, school or community. Support staff are supervised by the BSC.

Psychological evaluations
Psychological testing service provides a comprehensive assessment of intellectual and personality functioning as an adjunct to treatment or to assist in making a differential diagnostic and treatment plan. Assessment includes but is not limited to personality, intelligence, developmental, vocational, disability and bariatric testing.

Program evaluation and evidence for effectiveness
The wraparound process has been implemented widely across the United States and internationally because of the documentation of its successful use in several communities, its alignment with the value base for systems of care, and its resonance with families and family advocates. However, the formal wraparound research base has been slow to develop because of several reasons: (1) its status as a care management process rather than a focal treatment for a specific disorder; (2) its grassroots development rather than development by a single research team; and (3) its individualized nature, in that the identified needs and specific strategies for each family participating in wraparound should be unique. Thus, at the current juncture, there is some consensus that the research base on wraparound is largely positive but that more rigorous evaluation is needed (Farmer, Dorsey, & Mustillo, (2004)).
At the same time, the research base on wraparound continues to expand and evolve:

To date, positive results have been found from three published experimental studies, six published quasi-experimental studies, and numerous pre-post longitudinal studies.
The wraparound process has been cited as a promising practice in Surgeon General’s reports on both youth violence and mental health.
Since the wraparound practice model has been more fully specified, four random assignment control studies have been begun in four different locations, all with a consistent practice model and training and coaching model. Fidelity measures aligned with the wraparound model described above are also now available and in use in all the above studies.
A review of outcomes studies as of 2002 is provided in Burchard, Bruns, & Burchard (2002), and is currently being updated. Other reviews and information are available at the National Wraparound Initiative website (see, for example, Suter & Bruns, 2008, at http://www.rtc.pdx.edu/NWI-book/pgChapter3.shtml).  A summary table of published wraparound evaluation studies is provided at the end of this entry.

Resources
The wraparound process is not proprietary. The website of the National Wraparound Initiative includes a description of the practice model, as well as many implementation resources compiled from trainers, technical assistance providers, and program sites nationally. The NWI website also includes a list of consultants and trainers that communities and organizations may wish to access. More comprehensive examples of how wraparound has been implemented in schools can be found at the Illinois Positive Behavioral Support network website, and in Eber (2003). Information about implementation and fidelity measures for wraparound can be found at the Wraparound Evaluation and Research Team's website at.  Pennsylvania's Department of Public Welfare has adopted this methodology for at risk youth.

Training and technical assistance
Many communities and programs have been trained and coached by experts on the wraparound process to successfully implement the wraparound process. Typical curricula include initial 4 day training sessions for staff (e.g., facilitators and parent partners) followed by shadowing of experienced staff, and in-vivo coaching. Supervisors also receive a series of human resource development activities so they can collect data about staff performance and support staff over the long term via intensive group and individual supervision, as well as ongoing coaching.

High Fidelity Wraparound
High Fidelity Wraparound utilizes a specific model of the wraparound concept. There are several different models which have been created, but they all demonstrate fidelity towards specific principles of the concept. For instance, the National Wraparound Implementation Center model of High Fidelity Wraparound specifies phases to the process of intervention with a family. It has a specific theory of change as well as a set of ten principles (family voice and choice, collaboration, team based, natural supports, community based, cultural competence, individualized services, persistence, strengths based, and outcomes based). Service providers are evaluated for their fidelity to a specific model through credentialing of documents, meetings, and demonstration of concepts. The fidelity demonstrates best practices for interventions with families.

Summary of Published Controlled Studies of the Wraparound Process
STUDY 1: Randomized control study (18 months) of youth in child welfare custody in Florida: 54 in wraparound vs. 78 in standard practice foster care.
References: Clark, Lee, Prange, & McDonald, 1996; Clark et al., 1998.
RESULTS: Significantly fewer placement changes for youths in the wraparound program, fewer days on runaway, fewer days incarcerated (for subset of incarcerated youths), and older youths were significantly more likely to be in a permanency plan at follow-up. No group differences were found on rate of placement changes, days absent, or days suspended. No differences on internalizing problems, but boys in wraparound showed significantly greater improvement on externalizing problems than the comparison group. Taken together, the findings provided moderate evidence for better outcomes for the wraparound program; however, differences appear somewhat limited to boys and externalizing problems.
STUDY 2: Matched comparison study (18 months) of youth in child welfare custody in Nevada: 33 in wraparound vs. 32 receiving MH services as usual
References: Bruns, Rast, Walker, Bosworth, & Peterson, 2006;
Rast, Bruns, Brown, Peterson, & Mears (in submission).
RESULTS: After 18 months, 27 of the 33 youth (approximately 82%) who received wraparound moved to less restrictive environments, compared to only 12 of the 32 comparison group youth (approximately 38%), and family members were identified to provide care for 11 of the 33 youth in the wraparound group compared to only six in the comparison group. Mean CAFAS scores for youth in wraparound decreased significantly across all waves of data collection (6, 12, 18 months) in comparison to the traditional services group. More positive outcomes were also found for the wraparound cohort on school attendance, school disciplinary actions, and grade point averages. No significant differences were found in favor of the comparison group.
STUDY 3: Randomized control study (18 months) of “at risk” and juvenile justice involved (adjudicated) youth in Ohio: 73 in wraparound vs. 68 in conventional services
Reference: Carney & Buttell, 2003.
RESULTS: Study supported the hypothesis that youth who received wraparound services were less likely to engage in subsequent at-risk and delinquent behavior. The youth who received wraparound services did not miss school unexcused, get expelled or suspended from school, run away from home, or get picked up by the police as frequently as the youth who received the juvenile court conventional services. There were, however, no significant differences, in formal criminal offenses.
STUDY 4: Matched comparison study (>2 years) of youth involved in juvenile justice and receiving MH services: 110 youth in wraparound vs. 98 in conventional MH services
Reference: Pullmann, Kerbs, Koroloff, Veach-White, Gaylor, & Sieler, 2006.
RESULTS: Youths in the comparison group were three times more likely to commit a felony offense than youths in the wraparound group. Among youth in the wraparound program, 72% served detention “at some point in the 790 day post identification window” (p. 388), while all youth in the comparison group served detention. And of youth in the Connections program who did serve detention, they did so significantly less often than their peers. Connections youth also took three times longer to recidivate than those in the comparison group. According to the authors, a previous study by Pullman and colleagues showed “significant improvement on standardized measures of behavioral and emotional problems, increases in behavioral and emotional strengths, and improved functioning at home at school, and in the community” (p. 388) among Connections youth.
STUDY 5: Randomized control study (12 months) of youths referred to out-of-home placements for serious mental health problems in New York State: 27 to family centered intensive case management (wraparound) vs. 15 to treatment foster care.
References: Evans, Armstrong, & Kuppinger, 1996; Evans, Armstrong, Kuppinger, Huz, & McNulty, 1998
RESULTS: Significant group differences were found in favor of the case management/ wraparound program for behavioral and mood functioning. No differences were found, however, with respect to behavior problems (internalizing and externalizing), family cohesiveness, or self-esteem. No differences found in favor of the TFC group. Overall, small sample size plus loss of data on many of the outcome measures resulted in the study having very low power to detect differences between groups.
STUDY 6: Quasi-experimental (6 months) study in Department of Defense demonstration site of youths with serious mental health issues: 71 in wraparound group vs. 40 in comparison group (study refusers/ineligible youths).
Reference: Bickman, Smith, Lambert, & Andrade, 2003
RESULTS: Findings included higher utilization of “wraparound services” (e.g., case management, in-home supports, and nontraditional services) for the demonstration group, higher costs for the demonstration group (primarily due to this group remaining in treatment longer), and no consistent differences between the groups on outcome measures (e.g., behavior, functioning, caregiver strain, perceived social support, family environment). Limitations of this study include the short time span (6 months) and whether the demonstration project truly followed the wraparound process. Authors stated the “wrap” condition had access to informal services and flexible funding, but authors did not assess “wrapness” and stated that, “there is no evidence that the content or the quality of the services were different for the Wraparound children.” (p. 151)
STUDY 7: Quasi-experimental (24 months) study of youths with serious mental health issues in urban Baltimore: 45 returned or diverted from residential care to wraparound vs. 24 comparison.
Reference: Hyde, Burchard, & Woodworth, 1996.
RESULTS: Primary outcome was a single rating that combined several indicators: restrictiveness of youth living situation, school attendance, job/job training attendance, and serious problem behaviors. Youths received ratings of “good” if they were living in regular community placements, attending school and/or working for the majority of the week, and had fewer than three days of serious behavior problems during the course of previous month. At 2-year follow-up, 47% of the wraparound groups received a rating of good, compared to 8% of youths in traditional MH services. Limitations of the study include study attrition and group non-equivalence at baseline.
STUDY 8: Quasi-experimental (multiple-baseline case study) of four youths referred to wraparound because of serious mental health issues in rural Michigan.
Reference: Myaard, Crawford, Jackson, & Alessi (2000).
RESULTS: The multiple baseline case study design was used to evaluate the impact of wraparound by assessing whether outcome change occurred with (and only with) the introduction of wraparound at different points in time. The authors tracked occurrence of five behaviors (compliance, peer interactions, physical aggression, alcohol and drug use, and extreme verbal abuse) for each of the youths. Participants began receiving wraparound after 12, 15, 19, and 22 weeks. For all four participants, on all five behaviors, dramatic improvements occurred immediately following the introduction of wraparound.

See also
Orphanage
Residential Child Care Community
Group homes
Congregate Care
Cottage Homes
Family support
Foster Care
Foster Care in the United States
Residential treatment center
Residential Care
Community-based care
Child and family services
Kinship Care
Child and youth care
Child abuse
Child abandonment
Teaching-family model

References
Bruns, E.J., Rast, J., Peterson, C., Walker, J., Bosworth, J. (2006). Spreadsheets, service providers, and the statehouse: Using data and the wraparound process to reform systems for children and families. American Journal of Community Psychology, 38, 201-212.
Burchard JD, Bruns EJ, & Burchard SN (2002). The wraparound approach. In Community treatment for youth: Evidence-based interventions for severe emotional and behavioral disorders. Edited by Burns BJ, Hoagwood K. New York, Oxford University Press.
Burns BJ & Goldman SK (Eds) (1999). Promising practices in wraparound for children with severe emotional disorders and their families. Systems of care: Promising practices in children's mental health, 1998 series: Volume IV. Washington, DC, Center for Effective Collaboration and Practice, American Institutes for Research.
Eber, L. (2003). The Art and Science of Wraparound. Bloomington, IN: Forum on Education at Indiana University.
Eber, L. (2005). Wraparound: Description and Case Example. In Sugai, G. & Horner, R. (2005) Ed., Encyclopedia of Behavior Modification and Cognitive Behavior Therapy: Educational Applications. 1601-1605. Thousand Oaks: Sage.
Eber, L., Nelson, C.M., & Miles, P. (1997). School-based wraparound for students with emotional and behavioral challenges. Exceptional Children, 63(4), 539-555.
Kamradt, B. (2000). Wraparound Milwaukee: Aiding youth with mental health needs. Juvenile Justice 7, 14-23.
Kendziora K, Bruns E, Osher D, et al. (Eds) (2001). Wraparound: Stories from the field. Systems of care: Promising practices in children's mental health, 2001 series: Volume I.  Washington, DC, Center for Effective Collaboration and Practice, American Institutes for Research.
Walker, J.S. & Bruns, E.J. (2006). Building on practice-based evidence: Using expert perspectives to define the wraparound process. Psychiatric Services, 57(11), 1579-1585.
Walker JS, Koroloff N, & Schutte K (2003). Implementing high-quality collaborative Individualized Service/Support Planning: Necessary conditions, Portland OR: Research and Training Center on Family Support and Children's Mental Health.
Extra References for Review of Outcomes Studies

Bickman, L., Smith, C., Lambert, E. W., & Andrade, A. R. (2003). Evaluation of a congressionally mandated wraparound demonstration. Journal of Child & Family Studies, 12, 135-156.
Carney, M. M., & Buttell, F. (2003). Reducing juvenile recidivism: Evaluating the wraparound services model. Research on Social Work Practice, 13, 551-568.
Clark, H.B., Lee, B., Prange, M.E. & McDonald, B.A. (1996).Children lost within the foster care system: Can wraparound service strategies improve placement outcomes? Journal of Child and Family Studies, 5, 39-54.
Clark, H. B., Prange, M. E., Lee, B., Stewart, E. S., McDonald, B. B., & Boyd, L. A. (1998). An individualized wraparound process for children in foster care with emotional/behavioral disturbances: Follow-up findings and implications from a controlled study. In M. H. Epstein, K. Kutash & A. Duchnowski (Eds.), Outcomes for children and youth with emotional and behavioral disorders and their families: Programs and evaluation best practices (pp. 513-542). Austin, TX: Pro-ED, Inc.
Evans, M.E., Armstrong, M.I., Kuppinger, A.D. (1996). Family-Centered Intensive Case Management: A Step Toward Understanding Individualized Care. Journal of Child and Family Studies, 5, 55-65.
Evans, M. E., Armstrong, M. I., Kuppinger, A. D., Huz, S., & McNulty, T. L. (1998). Preliminary outcomes of an experimental study comparing treatment foster care and family-centered intensive case management. In Epstein, M.H. (Ed); Kutash, K (Ed); et al. (1998). Outcomes for children and youth with emotional and behavioral disorders and their families: Programs and evaluation best practices. (pp. 543–580). Xviii, 738 pp.
Hyde, K. L., Burchard, J. D., & Woodworth, K. (1996). Wrapping services in an urban setting. Journal of Child & Family Studies, 5(1), 67-82.
Myaard, M. J., Crawford, C., Jackson, M., & Alessi, G. (2000). Applying behavior analysis within the wraparound process: A multiple baseline study. Journal of Emotional & Behavioral Disorders, 8, 216-229.
Pullmann, M. D., Kerbs, J., Koroloff, N., Veach-White, E., Gaylor, R., & Sieler, D. (2006). Juvenile offenders with mental health needs: Reducing recidivism using wraparound. Crime and Delinquency, 52, 375-397.
Rast, J., Bruns, E.J., Brown, E.C., Peterson, C.R., & Mears, S.L. (submitted May 2007). Impact of the wraparound process in a child welfare system: Results of a matched comparison study. Social Work Research.

External links

Notes

Title: Kirnach (Brigach)
Kirnach is a river of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Brigach near Villingen-Schwenningen. It passes through Unterkirnach.

See also
List of rivers of Baden-Württemberg


== References ==

Title: Pirqa (Peru)
Pirqa (Aymara and Quechua for wall, Hispanicized spelling Pirca) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high. It is located in the Apurímac Region, Antabamba Province, Juan Espinoza Medrano District, and in the Ayacucho Region, Parinacochas Province, Coronel Castañeda District. Pirqa lies northwest of Lunq'u.


== References ==

Title: Tyrannochthonius souchomalus
Tyrannochthonius souchomalus is a species of pseudoscorpion in the Chthoniidae family. It is endemic to Australia. It was described in 2008 by Australian arachnologists Karen Edward and Mark Harvey.

Distribution and habitat
The species occurs in the Murchison bioregion of Mid West Western Australia. The type locality is a borehole on Austin Downs Station.

Behaviour
The arachnids are cave-dwelling, terrestrial predators.


== References ==

Title: Putai Taae
Putai Taae (born 1961) is a French Polynesian politician and former Member of the Assembly of French Polynesia. He is a member of Tapura Huiraatira.
Taae first entered the Assembly of French Polynesia after the 2013 French Polynesian legislative election, as a replacement for Tearii Alpha who had been appointed to Cabinet. In May 2015 he joined Tapura Huiraatira. In October 2015 he was elected Mayor of Papara in a by-election after the 2014 Papara municipal elections were annulled by the French Council of State. He lost his seat in the Assembly in August 2017, when Nicole Sanquer left Cabinet after being elected to the French National Assembly. He was re-elected to the Assembly as a Tapura candidate at the 2018 election.
In April 2019 he was charged with breach of trust over the allocation of funds to a town association while mayor. In May 2019 he was convicted and sentenced to a suspended jail sentence, a US$20,000 fine, and banned from holding public office for 2 years. As a result he lost his position as Mayor, but stayed in the Assembly pending the resolution of his appeal. In November 2021 the conviction was upheld on appeal, and he was resentenced to an identical sentence. Taae appealed the sentence again, and so retained his seat in the Assembly. In December 2021 the Papara municipal council was informed that Taae was being investigated for abuse of office while mayor.
In September 2022 he briefly joined Tavini Huiraatira, but returned to the Tapura in December after opposition from Tavini activists. He was not re-elected at the 2023 election


== References ==

Title: Arthur Rosenkampff
Arthur Henry Rosenkampff (November 3, 1884 – November 6, 1952) was an American gymnast and track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics. In 1904 he won the silver medal in the team event. He was also 76th in the gymnastics triathlon event, 89th in the gymnastics all-around event, and 102nd in the athletics triathlon event.

References
External links
Arthur Rosenkampff at databaseOlympics.com (archived)
Arthur Rosenkampff at Olympics.com

Title: Ferretti
Ferretti may refer to:

Ferretti (surname), an Italian surname
Ferretti Group, an Italian conglomerate for boat-building
Ferretti (cycling team), an Italian professional cycling team that existed from 1969 to 1972

See also
Ferretti Battery, a coastal battery and restaurant in Malta

Title: Kazemabad, Qorveh
Kazemabad (Persian: كاظم آباد, also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād; also known as Kāzīmābād) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 183, in 36 families. The village is populated by Kurds.


== References ==

Title: Agriphila deliella
Agriphila deliella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in most of Europe and North Africa and from Anatolia to Afghanistan.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from August to September.
The larvae feed on various Poaceae species, including Corynephorus canescens, Carex arenaria and Molinia caerulea.

Subspecies
Agriphila deliella deliella (Europe, Asia Minor, Transcaucasus, North Africa, Algeria, Afghanistan)
Agriphila deliella hispanodeliella Bleszynski, 1959 (Spain)
Agriphila deliella asiatica Caradja, 1910 (Iran)

References
External links
Microlepidoptera.nl
Lepidoptera of Belgium

Title: NDK II Metro Station
NDK II (Bulgarian: НДК II) is a Sofia Metro station on M3 line. It was opened on 26 August 2020 as part of the inaugural section of the line, from Hadzhi Dimitar to Krasno Selo. The station is located between St. Patriarch Evtimiy and Medical University. Transfer to NDK on M2 line is available.

Location
The station is serving the National Palace of Culture.


== References ==

Title: Twic County
Twic County is a county located in Warrap State, in the Bahr el Ghazal region of South Sudan.

History
Twic is also known as Twic Mayardit. Twic community played an important role in the liberation of South Sudan. Most notably general figures is Kerubino Kuanyin Bol who was one of the founders of SPLM/SPLA (now Sudan People's Liberation Movement and South Sudan People's Defence Forces). Bol fired the first rebellious shot when the imposition of Islamic Sharia law in September 1983 triggered a second round of civil warfare in the undeveloped, largely animist and Christian southern regions of the Republic of Sudan. 
The main livelihood of the population of Twic County is farming, livestock rearing, and fishing. There is also a significant number of people engaged in commercial trade.
According to the 2008 census, the total population of Twic was 204,905 in 2008.  Twic County comprises six Payams including Akoc, Ajak Kuac, Aweng, Pan-Nyok, Turalei, and Wunrok. The County administration is located in Turalei Payam.

Notable people
Kerubino Kuanyin Bol, SPLM/A founder and general
Dominic Dim Deng, military veteran general and was the first defence minister
Bona Malwal, journalist and politician
Manute Bol, former NBA player


== References ==

Title: Northern Daily Leader
The Northern Daily Leader, previously published as The Tamworth Daily Observer, The Daily Observer and The Tamworth Observer and Northern Advertiser, is a daily newspaper produced in the city of Tamworth, New South Wales, Australia. The paper publishes stories related to the Tamworth, New England and North West Slopes regions. It also publishes stories about state and national events. Its online website also publishes many of the stories featured in the newspaper.

History
The newspaper began in 1876 as semi-weekly under the title The Tamworth Observer and Northern Advertiser published by George Hooke & Joseph Smith. In 1910 it changed its name to The Tamworth Daily Observer under the new publisher Albert Joseph for his company Tamworth Newspapers Co.. Joseph had struck a deal with G A Codrington, the proprietor of the competing newspaper Tamworth News, to form one daily newspaper. Under the agreement Codrington dissolved his paper and became managing director of The Tamworth Daily Observer. The paper underwent two more changes of title under Joseph's publication, first to The Daily Observer in 1917  and then to The Northern Daily Leader in 1921, which it remains today.

Distribution
The Northern Daily Leader is distributed to the city and local region of Tamworth and the towns and villages of Quirindi, Walcha,  Manilla, Bingara, Barraba, Nundle, Murrurundi, Gunnedah, Uralla, Werris Creek, Caroona, Willow Tree, Wallabadah, Curlewis, Kootingal, Moonbi, Attunga, Carroll, Breeza, Currabubula, Sulcor, Bective, Somerton, Duri. It has a weekly readership of 35,929.

Ownership
The paper is owned by Australian Community Media.

Digitisation
This newspaper has been partially digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program project hosted by the National Library of Australia.

See also
List of newspapers in Australia
List of newspapers in New South Wales

References
External links
Northern Daily Leader
Northern Daily Leader Rural Press Sales
Tamworth Observer and Northern Advertiser (NSW : 1910) at Trove
The Tamworth Daily Observer (NSW : 1910 - 1916) at Trove
Daily Observer (Tamworth, NSW : 1917 - 1920) at Trove
The Northern Daily Leader (Tamworth, NSW : 1921) at Trove

Title: Mika Hokajärvi
Mika Hokajärvi (born 6 February 1987 in Tampere) is a Finnish canoe sprinter who competed in the late 2000s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he was eliminated in the semifinals of both the K-2 500 m and the K-2 1000 m events. Mika's manager is Finnish Sport Management Agency, SportElite.

References
Mika's profile at SportElite's website
Sports-Reference.com profile

Title: Govindasamy Mugesh
Govindasamy Mugesh (born 1970) is an Indian inorganic and physical chemist, a professor and the head of the Mugesh Laboratory attached to the department of Inorganic and Physical Chemistry at the Indian Institute of Science. He is known for his studies on the mechanism of thyroid hormone action and is an elected fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Indian National Science Academy, Royal Society of Chemistry and the National Academy of Sciences, India. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards, in 2012, for his contributions to chemical sciences. In 2019, he was awarded the Infosys Prize in Physical Sciences for his seminal work in the chemical synthesis of small molecules and nanomaterials for biomedical applications.

Biography
Born on 29 May 1970 in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu, G. Mugesh completed his graduate studies in chemistry at the University of Madras in 1990. After obtaining a master's degree from the Bharathidasan University in 1993, he enrolled for his doctoral degree at the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai under the guidance of H. B. Singh to secure a PhD in 1998. Remaining at the institute, he did his post doctoral studies there till 2000 and moved to continue his studies at the laboratories of de:Wolf-Walther du Mont of Brunswick University of Technology and de:Helmut Sies of University of Düsseldorf on an Alexander von Humboldt fellowship till 2001. After obtaining a Skaggs Postdoctoral Fellowship, he moved to the US to work with K. C. Nicolaou at the Scripps Research Institute. On his return to India in 2002, he joined the Indian Institute of Science as an assistant professor where he rose in ranks to become an associate professor in 2006 and a professor at the department of inorganic and physical chemistry in 2012. At IISc, he heads the Mugesh Laboratory attached to it.

Legacy
Mugesh is known to have carried out extensive researches on the chemistry of thyroid hormone metabolism and his work has assisted in widening the understanding of organic/inorganic synthesis and enzyme mimetic studies. He is credited with the development of therapeutic protocols for endothelial dysfunction and neurodegenerative diseases and with notable work on β-lactamase-based antibiotic resistance. His research has been documented by way of a number of peer-reviewed articles; ResearchGate and Google Scholar, two online article repositories of scientific articles, has listed 151 and 153 of them respectively. He has done many clinical trials including the one on a compound developed by him for use as an anti-thyroid agent. He has also been associated with science journals such as Organic and Biomolecular Chemistry, ACS Omega of the American Chemical Society, Bioorganic Chemistry of Elsevier and Scientific Reports of Nature Publishing Group as a member of their editorial boards. He serves as the vice president of the Asian Chemical Editorial Society (ACES) which publishes three science journals viz. Chemistry – An Asian Journal, Asian Journal of Organic Chemistry, and ChemNanoMat.

Awards and honors
Mugesh received the International Award for Young Chemists of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) and the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation Equipment Award in 2005. The World Academy of Sciences selected him as a Young Affiliate in 2008 and he received the UKIERI Standard Research Award in 2009. The year 2010 brought him four awards, viz. the Bronze Medal of the Chemical Research Society of India, Young Scientist Award of InterAcademy Panel, 
RSC-West India Young Scientist Award and the Award for Excellence in Drug Research of Central Drug Research Institute. The next year, he was chosen for AstraZeneca Excellence in Chemistry Award and the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize, one of the highest Indian science awards, in 2012. He was awarded the Asian Rising Star Commemorative Plaque at the 15th Asian Chemical Congress organized by the Federation of Asian Chemical Societies (FACS) in 2013 and he was selected for the ISCB Award for Excellence by the Indian Society of Chemists and Biologists in 2016.
He has been a holder of an Alexander von Humboldt fellowship during his post-doctoral days, Swarnajayanthi Fellowship (2006–07), Ramanna Fellowship (2008–09) and the J. C. Bose National Fellowship (2015) of the Department of Science and Technology and the Invitation Fellowship of the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (2016). Mugesh was elected as a fellow by the Indian Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences, India in 2010 by the Royal Society of Chemistry in 2013 and by the Indian National Science Academy in 2016. Dr. R. A. Mashelkar Endowment Lecture of the National Chemical Laboratory (2014) and the Prof. S. K. Pradhan Endowment Lecture of the Institute of Chemical Technology (2014) feature among the several guest lectures he has delivered. In 2020, Mugesh became a laureate of the Asian Scientist 100 by the Asian Scientist.

See also
K. C. Nicolaou


== References ==

Title: Polyandry in India
Polyandry in India refers to the practice of polyandry, whereby a woman has two or more husbands at the same time, either historically on the Indian subcontinent or currently in the country of India. An early example can be found in the Hindu epic Mahabharata, in which Draupadi, daughter of the king of Panchala, is married to five brothers.
Polyandry was mainly prevalent in the Kinnaur Region, a part of Himachal in India which is close to the Tibet or currently the Indo-China border. As mentioned in the epic Mahabharata, the Pandavas were banished from their kingdom for thirteen years and they spent the last year hiding in this hilly terrain of Kinnaur. Some Kinaauris claim that this practice has been inherited from the Pandavas, who they identify as their ancestors . The Garhwali people similarly identify their practice of polyandry with their descent from the Pandavas.
Polyandry is also seen in South India among the Todas tribes of Nilgiris, Nanjanad Vellala of Travancore. While polyandrous unions have disappeared from the traditions of many of the groups and tribes, it is still practiced by some Paharis, especially in the Jaunsar-Bawar region in Northern India.
Recent years have seen the rise in fraternal polyandry in the agrarian societies in Malwa region of Punjab to avoid division of farming land.

Legal developments
Section 494 and 495 of the Indian Penal Code of 1860, prohibited polygamy for the Christians. In 1955, the Hindu Marriage Act was drafted, which prohibited marriage of a Hindu whose spouse was still living. Thus polygamy became illegal in India in 1956.

Kinnaur
Polyandry is in practice in many villages of Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh. Fraternal polyandry (where husbands are related to each other) is mainly in practice in villages, where the societies are male dominated and which still follow ancient rituals and customs.
There are many forms of polyandry which can be found here. Most often, all the brothers are married to a woman and sometimes the marriage to brothers happens at a later date. The wife can only ascertain the blood-relationship of the children, though recently there have been a few instances of paternity tests using DNA samples to resolve inheritance disputes. The rules for breaking the marriage are strict and a brother going against the marriage agreement can be treated as an outcast while losing his entire share in the property.
Historically, fraternal polyandry has been practiced by wealthier families, associated with a higher caste, in Kinnaur as a way to keep wealth within one family. This allowed for land to be properly inherited and kept in one family. It was assurance that the land and wealth held by one family could not be partitioned. Those in lower castes also practiced fraternal polyandry if they had a larger amount of land.
The territory of Kinnaur remained forbidden for many years as the land route was only established 30 years ago. The joint families are now fragmented into nuclear families. The level of economies and financial resources have transformed the life of the people of Kinnaur into city.

Toda
Todas are tribal people residing in the Nilgiri hills (Tamil Nadu) in South India who for several centuries practiced polyandry. They practiced a form of polyandrous relationship which is considered to be a classic example of polyandry. They practiced both fraternal and sequential polyandry.
The males who shared one or two wives were not always full or half-brothers. A Toda woman when married was automatically married to her husband's brothers. When the wife became pregnant, one husband would ceremonially give a bow and arrow to the wife, and would be the father of that child. When the next child arrived, same husband who performed that ceremony continues to be called father even though child is not biologically related to him, unless another husband would perform the ceremony and become the father.

Kerala
Polyandry and polygamy were prevalent in Kerala till the late 19th century and isolated cases were reported until the mid-20th century. Castes practicing polyandry were Nairs, Thiyyas, Kammalar, and Mukkuvar of Kerala  Historians assert that there exists no authenticated case of polyandry among the Nairs. The evidence presented for such a custom during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries primarily stems from accounts provided by foreign travelers who were prohibited from approaching within sixty yards of a Nair's residence. Consequently, their testimonies offer an exceedingly unsatisfactory basis for definitive conclusions regarding Nair customs. Conversely, the extensive Malayalam literature on the subject provides a more nuanced and culturally informed perspective.
In the case of  castes, polyandry a man's property is inherited by his sister's children and not his own. Under  polyandry, the only conceivable blood-relationship could be ascertained through females. However, polyandry among  is a contested issue with opinion divided between ones who support its existence and ones who do not support it based on the fact that no stable  relationship is formed in  polyandry. Ezhavas, Mukkuvas, Kammalars of Kerala also practised polyandry. The custom of fraternal polyandry was common among Thiyyas of Malabar and ezhavas. According to Cyriac Pullipally, female members of the Thiyya, ezhava, and mukkuvas community associated with English, French, Dutch, and Portuguese men as their concubines.

Punjab and Haryana
In certain areas of Punjab, especially the Bathinda and Mansa districts of Malwa region, poor farmers follow the practice of polyandry under economic compulsion to avoid further fragmentation of their already small landholdings. A study conducted in 2019 by Panjab University found evidence of polyandry in Haryana and Punjab. The study culminated in the book Gender Culture and Honour and found cases of wife sharing in the districts of Yamunanagar in Haryana and Mansa and Fatehgarh Sahib of Punjab.

Jaunsar-Bawar
Polyandry was practised in Jaunsar-Bawar in Uttarakhand. A distinct group of people called Paharis live in the lower ranges of Himalayas in Northern India from southeastern Kashmir all the way through Nepal. Polyandry has been reported among these people in many districts but studied in great detail in Jaunsar-Bawar. It is a region in Dehradun district in Uttarakhand. The practice is believed to have descended from their ancestors who had earlier settled down in the plains from Himalayas.
Polyandrous union occurs in this region when a woman marries the eldest son in a family. The woman automatically becomes the wife of all his brothers upon her marriage. The brothers can be married to more than one woman if the first woman was sterile or if the age difference of the brothers were large. The wife is shared equally by all brothers and no one in the group has exclusive privilege to the wife. The woman considers all the men in the group her husband and the children recognise them all as their father.

Tibetans in India
By 1976, 83.3% of Tibetans who were exiled from China had taken refuge in India. In Tibet, monogamy, polygamy, and polyandry have traditionally been practiced. Some Tibetan refugees now settled in India practice polyandry as a result of their material conditions. Fraternal polyandry is a way for Tibetans to avoid having to build multiple houses every time a male in the family marries. One wife married to many brothers allows for less resources to be used on one brother and his one wife. Polyandry is also a way for Tibetans to not have to marry non-Tibetans whilst they are settled in India.

Other tribal peoples
Fraternal polyandry exists among the Khasa of Dehradun; the Mala Madessar, the Mavilan, etc. of Kerala and among the Sirmur, Shimla, Kullu, and Lahaul-Spiti of Himachal Pradesh. Non-fraternal polyandry exists among the Kota; and among the Karvazhi, Pulaya, Muthuvan, and Mannan in Kerala.
In the 1911 Census of India, E.A. Gait mentions polyandry of the Bhotias, Kanets of Kulu valley, people of state of Bashahr, Thakkars and Megs of Kashmir, Gonds of Central Provinces, Todas and Kurumbas of Nilgiris, Kallars of Madurai, Tolkolans of Malabar, Ezhavas, Kaniyans and Kammalans of Cochin, Muduvas of Travancore and of Nairs.

See also
Polygamy in India

References
Further reading
Manis Kumar Raha & Palash Chandra Coomar : Polyandry in India. Gian Publishing House, Delhi, 1987.

Title: Šurhaci
Šurhaci (Manchu: ᡧᡠᡵᡤᠠᠴᡳ, Möllendorff: šurgaci, Abkai: xurgaqi; Chinese: 舒爾哈齊; 1564 – 25 September 1611), was a Jurchen leader, a member of the Aisin Gioro clan, he was a younger brother of Nurhaci, the founder of the Later Jin dynasty, the predecessor of the Qing dynasty. Under the Ming dynasty government, he held the title of local chieftain (都指揮) in the Jianzhou district, and maintained relations with the Ming authorities up to the beginning of 1607. In that year, he joined Nurhaci in the campaign against Bujantai and the Ula tribe, receiving the title of darhan baturu. However, as a result of disagreements with his brother over the conquest of the Hoifa and the killing of Hoifa's beile Baindari in 1607, he was put to death four years later at Nurhaci's order and buried in Dongjingling Township, Liaoyang. In 1653, he was posthumously given the rank of qinwang (first-rank prince) under the posthumous title Prince Zhuang of the First Rank.

Physical appearance
According to the account of Korean ambassadors, Šurhaci was a tall, fat man with a pale-looking square face.

Family
Primary Consort

First primary consort, of the Tunggiya clan (嫡福晉 佟佳氏)
Altungga (阿爾通阿; 29 March 1580 – October/November 1609), first son
Second primary consort, of the Hada Nara clan (繼福晉 哈達那拉氏)
First daughter (30 September 1584 – April/May 1656), personal name Eshitai (額實泰)
Married Bujantai (1575–1618) of the Manchu Ula Nara clan in December 1598 or January 1599
Third primary consort, of the Fuca clan (三娶福晉 富察氏; d. 1620)
Second daughter (1584 – December 1638 or January 1639), personal name E'enzhe (額恩哲)
Married Bujantai (1575–1618) of the Manchu Ula Nara clan in 1603
Amin, Prince of the Third Rank (貝勒 阿敏; 25 November 1586 – 28 December 1640), second son
Third daughter (b. 4 November 1588)
Married Namuxi (納穆錫) of the Manchu Tunggiya clan
Fourth primary consort, of the Gūwalgiya clan (四娶福晉 瓜爾佳氏; d. 1623)
Jasahatu, Duke of the Second Rank (輔國公 扎薩克圖; 4 September 1589 – October/November 1609), third son
Princess of the Second Rank (和碩公主; 22 July 1590 – May/June 1649), personal name Sundai (蓀岱), fourth daughter
Married Enggeder (恩格德爾; d. 1636) of the Khalkha Borjigit clan in March/April 1617
Sixth daughter (b. 13 February 1595)
Married Moluohun (漠落渾) of the Manchu Nara clan in January/February 1614
Turan, Prince Kexi of the Third Rank (恪僖貝勒 圖倫; 25 September 1596 – 6 September 1614), fourth son
Seventh daughter (b. 18 September 1597)
Married Chuoheluo (綽和絡) of the Manchu Wanyan clan in July 1609
Jaisanggū, Prince Hehui of the Third Rank (和惠貝勒 寨桑武' 12 August 1598 – 3 July 1625), fifth son
Nuomudai (諾穆岱; 2 August 1601 – 30 July 1613), seventh son
Eighth daughter (b. 1602)
Married Badana (巴達納) of the Manchu Nara clan in August/September 1616
Ninth daughter
Tenth daughter (b. 17 December 1603)
Married Babai (巴拜) of the Mongol Borjigit clan in August/September 1622
Fifth primary consort, of the Ula Nara clan (五娶福晉 烏喇那拉氏), personal name Hunai (滹奈)
Jirgalang, Prince Zhengxian of the First Rank (鄭獻親王 濟爾哈朗; 19 November 1599 – 11 June 1655), sixth son
Sixth primary consort, of the Nara clan (六娶福晉 那拉氏)
Seventh primary consort, of the Gūwalgiya clan (七娶福晉 瓜爾佳氏)
Fiyanggū, Prince Jianjingding of the First Rank (簡靖定親王 費揚武; 17 May 1605 – 11 January 1644), eighth son
Eighth primary consort, of the Hoifa Nara clan (八娶福晉 輝發那拉氏)
Ninth primary consort, of the Sirin Gioro clan (九娶福晉 西林覺羅氏)
Concubine

Concubine, of the Donggo clan (格格 董鄂氏)
Fifth daughter (b. 18 March 1593)
Married Gumubei (固穆貝) of the Manchu Donggo clan in February/March 1606
Concubine, of the Ayan Gioro clan (格格 阿顏覺羅氏)
Naodai (瑙岱; b. 1608), ninth son
11th daughter (b. 23 June 1608)
Married Kudena (庫德納) of the Manchu Lala (拉喇) clan in March/April 1623
12th daughter (b. 25 March 1610)
Married Muwuna (穆扤納) of the Manchu Nara clan in January/February 1623

Ancestry
References

Kennedy, George A. (1943). "Šurhaci" . In Hummel, Arthur W. Sr. (ed.). Eminent Chinese of the Ch'ing Period. United States Government Printing Office.
Peterson, Willard J. (2002). The Cambridge History of China, Volume 9. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-24334-6

Title: Nell St. John Montague
Nell St. John Montague (27 June 1875 – 23 August 1944) was the pen name of a British actress, writer, socialite and "clairvoyante", born Eleanor Lucie-Smith in India.

Early life
Eleanor Lilian Helene Lucie-Smith was born in Jabalpur, India, to an English father and a Scottish mother. Her father, Major-General Charles Bean Lucie-Smith, was stationed there with the British Army.

Career
Montague wrote The Irish Lead (1916), a play she also directed and acted in, to raise funds for Irish prisoners-of-war.  She also starred in An Interrupted Divorce in London, and her own short play, The Barrier. In 1922 she wrote and appeared in a one-act farce, Room 7, on the London stage. She appeared in two silent films, The Glorious Adventure (1922) and A Gipsy Cavalier (1923). She wrote the anti-vivisection short story "The Hallmark of Cain", which was adapted into the short film All Living Things (1939). The film was remade in 1955.
Montague called herself a "clairvoyante", and her fortune telling was popular in society circles. She appeared on very early British television, in 1932, reading palms, and "her performance evoked a volume of mail at Portland Place that would have been gratifying to the producer of a popular revue", according to one report. She was invited to the wedding of Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark in 1934, and brought a crystal ball as a gift. She also tried to use her visions to solve crimes. She kept a pet monkey, and posed with the monkey for portraits, saying it brought good luck. She wrote about her abilities and her predictions in her memoir, Revelations of a Society Clairvoyante (1926), and in The Red Fortune Book (1924). She also wrote a novel, The Poison Trail (1930).

Personal life
Montague married Irish landowner and judge Henry Standish-Barry (1873-1945) in 1899. They had three children, Charles (1900-1918), Marcella (Mercy), and Margaret. Her son died in World War I. She died in 1944, in London, aged 69 years, in a bombing during World War II. It was widely publicized that she predicted the violent circumstances of her death, when she said "I saw a fiery streak. Then a red mist spread over everything." Her gravesite is in Bishopstone, East Sussex. Her name appears on a memorial plaque commemorating the war dead in Bishopstone.

References
External links
Nell St. John Montague at IMDb
Nell St. John Montague at the British Film Institute
Will Gray, "Standish Barry of Leamlara" Forgotten Victorians (May 8, 2016); a blogpost about Nell St. John Montague's husband's family, mentioning her and her children.

Title: Roller coaster (disambiguation)
A roller coaster is a type of amusement ride.
Roller coaster may also refer to:

Roller coasters
Roller Coaster (Dai Nam Van Hien), a steel roller coaster in Bình Dương, Vietnam
Roller Coaster (Dam Sen Park), a steel roller coaster in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Roller Coaster (Great Yarmouth Pleasure Beach), a wooden roller coaster in Great Yarmouth UK
Roller Coaster (Lagoon), a wooden roller coaster in Farmington, Utah, US
Roller Coaster (Suoi Tien Park), a steel roller coaster in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
The Roller Coaster, a steel roller coaster at the New York-New York Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip

Film and television
Rollercoaster (1977 film), a film by James Goldstone
Rollercoaster (1999 film), a film by Scott Smith
Rollercoaster (TV series), a 2005–2010 Australian children's show
"Rollercoaster" (Phineas and Ferb), a 2007 television episode or its 2011 musical version, "Rollercoaster: The Musical"

Music
Rollercoaster (Australian festival), an annual music festival

Albums
Rollercoaster (Jim Verraros album), 2005
Rollercoaster (Let Loose album) or the title song, 1996
Rollercoaster (Randy Rogers Band album), 2004
Roller Coaster (Red Bacteria Vacuum album) or the title song, 2006
Roller Coaster (Scott Cain album) or the title song, 2004
Rollercoaster (soundtrack) or the title track, from the 1977 film, by Lalo Schifrin
Rollercoaster (EP) or the title song, by The Jesus and Mary Chain, 1990
Red House Painters (Rollercoaster) or the title song, by Red House Painters, 1993
Rollercoaster, by the Adicts, 2004

Songs
"Rollercoaster" (B*Witched song), 1998
"Roller Coaster" (Chungha song), 2018
"Rollercoaster" (Dolly Style song), 2016
"Roller Coaster" (Erika Jayne song), 2007
"Rollercoaster" (Julian Le Play song), 2014
"Roller Coaster" (Justin Bieber song), 2013
"Roller Coaster" (Luke Bryan song), 2014
 "Roller Coaster" (Nmixx song), 2023
"Roller Coaster" (Toni Braxton and Babyface song), 2014
"Roller Coaster", by the 13th Floor Elevators from The Psychedelic Sounds of the 13th Floor Elevators, 1966
"Rollercoaster", by Best Coast from Always Tomorrow, 2020
"Rollercoaster", by Black Mountain from Wilderness Heart, 2010
"Rollercoaster", by Bleachers from Strange Desire, 2014
"Roller Coaster", by Blink-182 from Take Off Your Pants and Jacket, 2001
"Roller Coaster", by Bon Jovi from This House Is Not for Sale, 2016
"Roller Coaster", by Exo-XC from What a Life, 2019
"Rollercoaster", by the Grid from Evolver, 1994
"Rollercoaster", by Machine Gun Fellatio from Paging Mr Strike, 2003
"Rollercoaster", by Janet Jackson from Discipline, 2008
"Rollercoaster", by the Jonas Brothers from Happiness Begins, 2019
"Rollercoaster", by Sleater-Kinney from The Woods, 2005
"Roller Coaster", by TXT from The Dream Chapter: Magic, 2019
"Rollercoaster", from the Phineas and Ferb episode "Rollercoaster: The Musical!", 2011
"Rollercoaster", by Josh Panda which represented Vermont in the American Song Contest
"Rollercoaster", by Ian Van Dahl from Lost & Found, 2004

Other uses
"Roller Coaster" (game) or "Down Down Baby", a song and clapping game
Roller Coaster (video game), a 1985 video game
Operation Roller Coaster, a series of nuclear tests carried out at the NTS, 1963

See also
"Love Rollercoaster", a 1975 song by The Ohio Players
RollerCoaster Tycoon (series), a trilogy of video games

Title: The Gramercy Residences
The Gramercy Residences, also known as The Gramercy Residences at Century City, is a residential high-rise condominium in Makati, Philippines. As of 2023, it is the fourth tallest building in the Philippines together with Discovery Primea and Shangri-La at the Fort, Manila. It is the first of several buildings built at the new Century City complex along Kalayaan Avenue by the Century City Development Corporation.
The building takes its name from Gramercy Park, a fenced-in private park in one of Manhattan, New York City's prestigious neighborhoods. Originally planned to be a 65-storey building, it was announced to have 73 floors above ground with a total height of 250 m (820 ft) from ground to its architectural top.

Location
The Gramercy Residences is located within the former location of the 4.8-hectare International School Manila, of which 3.4 hectares was sold to Century Properties Corporation (the remaining was sold to Picar Development) in an auction by the Philippine government in 2007. Situated along Kalayaan Avenue in Makati Poblacion, it is just a block away from the busy entertainment area along Makati Avenue. It is also about a few blocks away from the Makati Central Business District, the capital's financial hub.

Architecture and construction
The Gramercy Residences was planned and designed by California-based architectural group Jerde Partnership International, in collaboration with Philippine architectural firm Roger Villarosa Architects & Associates. Structural design and engineering is provided by Hong Kong–based firm Ove Arup & Partners and Sy^2 + Associates Inc. Project and construction management is being handled by local firm Nova Construction + Development.

Feature
The main attraction of the building is its Skypark. Located on the 36th floor, it has three-storey waterfalls, multi-level infinity edge pools, lagoon pools, a designer restaurant, health club, café, spa, a garden island within a reflecting pool, and a cantilevering walkway—a pathway suspended in mid-air with infinity pools on one side and a glass handrail on the outside. The Skypark traverses the entire width of the building. There is also a Rooftop Bar/ Restaurant located on the 71st floor, named 71 Gramercy.

See also
List of tallest buildings in the Philippines

References
External links
Official Website
Official Website of the Century City
Official Website of Century Properties
Gramercy Residences Condominium Other Details

Title: Toechima pterocarpum
Toechima pterocarpum, also known as orange tamarind, is a species of plant in the lychee family endemic to Australia.

Description
The species grow as a large shrub or small tree to 4 m in height. The pinnate leaves are 12–24 cm long, with the oval to sickle-shaped leaflets 2–11 cm long. The flowers occur in pendulous inflorescences. The fruits are 3-lobed, winged, orange to red seed capsules 3 cm long.

Distribution and habitat
The species is known from the area around Julatten, Mossman and Wangetti in Far North Queensland. The plants are found in lowland tropical rainforest, often along streams, at elevations from sea level to 450 m.

Conservation
The species has been listed as Endangered under Australia's EPBC Act. The main threat is from land clearing for agriculture and housing.


== References ==

Title: Dudhi River
Doodhi River is a river in Madhya Pradesh, India. It is tributary of Narmada River. Mainly Doodhi River flowing in Chhindwara and Narsinghpur District.

See also
Narmada River
List of rivers of Madhya Pradesh


== References ==

Title: Putrela
Putrela is a village in NTR district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Vissannapet mandal of Tiruvuru revenue division. The village is famous for Hindu temple of Maremma Thalli.

Demographics
As of 2011, Putrela has a total population of 9329, of which 4709 are male, 4620 are female, and 937 are below the age of 7. The average literacy rate is 67.45%.

See also
Villages in Vissannapet mandal


== References ==

Title: 1906 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship final
The 1906 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final was the 19th All-Ireland Final and the culmination of the 1906 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, an inter-county hurling tournament for the top teams in Ireland. The match was held at Nowlan Park, Kilkenny, on 27 October 1907 between Dublin, represented by club side Faughs, and Tipperary, represented by club side Thurles. The Leinster champions lost to their Munster opponents on a score line of 3–16 to 3–8. Tipperary extended their unbeaten record in All Ireland Finals to seven wins out of seven.


== Match details ==

Title: George Lane-Fox, 1st Baron Bingley
George Richard Lane Fox, 1st Baron Bingley, PC (15 December 1870 – 11 December 1947) was a British Conservative politician. He served as Secretary for Mines between 1922 and 1924, and again between 1924 and 1928.

Early life
Lane Fox was born in London, the son of Captain James Thomas Richard Lane Fox, of Hope Hall and Bramham Park, Yorkshire, and Lucy Frances Jane, daughter of Humphrey St John-Mildmay, a banker and MP for Southampton. He was the grandson of High Sheriff George Lane-Fox, and the great-grandson of George Lane-Fox, MP for Beverley.
He was educated at Eton and at New College, Oxford, and was called to the Bar, Inner Temple, in 1895.

Career
Lane Fox was a militia officer in the 3rd (Militia) Battalion of the Yorkshire Regiment when in April 1902 he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Yeomanry regiment the Yorkshire Hussars. He served with the regiment in the First World War, was wounded and mentioned in despatches and rose to the rank of lieutenant-colonel.

Political career
In the 1906 general election which produced a Liberal landslide, Barkston Ash was one of the few constituencies that went the other way. Lane Fox for the Conservatives defeated the Liberal incumbent Joseph Andrews who had defeated him in a by-election the previous year. He went on to represent the constituency until 1931. He served as Secretary for Mines from 1922 to 1924 and again from December 1924 (after the fall of the first Labour Government) until 1928. He was sworn of the Privy Council in 1926 and was a member of the Indian Statutory Commission. 
On 24 July 1933 he was elevated to the peerage as Baron Bingley, of Bramham in the County of York.

Personal life
In 1903, Lane-Fox was married to Mary Agnes Emily Wood (1877–1962), a daughter of Charles Wood, 2nd Viscount Halifax and sister of E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax. They had four daughters:

Hon. Marcia Agnes Mary Lane Fox (1904–1980), who married Francis Gordon Ward Jackson in 1929. He later took the name Lane Fox by deed poll and served in World War II, becoming Honorary Col. of the Yorkshire Hussars.
Hon. Mary Kathleen Lane Fox (1905–1981), who married Robert Bridgeman, 2nd Viscount Bridgeman in 1930.
Hon. Dorothy Lane Fox (1909–1980), who married Sir Kenneth Wade Parkinson of Creskeld Hall.
Hon. Margaret Lane Fox (1913–1986), who married Maj. Charles Packe, Royal Fusiliers, in 1939. After he was killed in action in Normandy in 1944, she married James Hunter in 1951. They divorced in 1956 and she married Brig. Kenneth Hargreaves in 1969.
Lord Bingley died in December 1947, aged 76. As he had no sons the barony died with him. Lady Bingley died in March 1962, aged 85. On the death of Lord Bingley, his eldest daughter and son-in-law took over the running of the Bramham Park estate.

Family tree
References
External links

Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by George Lane-Fox

Title: Vedanta Society
Vedanta Societies refer to organizations, groups, or societies formed for the study, practice, and propagation of Vedanta, the culmination of Vedas. More specifically, they "comprise the American arm of the Indian Ramakrishna movement" and refer to branches of the Ramakrishna Order located outside India.
Carl Jackson in his book Vedanta for the West stated that "Vedanta came to America in the form of Vedanta societies", starting with the appearance of Swami Vivekananda at the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893 and his founding of the New York Society in 1894.
Branches of the Ramakrishna Order located outside India are under the spiritual guidance of the Ramakrishna Order. The work of the Vedanta Societies in the west has primarily been devoted to spiritual and pastoral activities, though many of them do some form of social service. Many of the Western Vedanta societies have resident monks, and several centers have resident nuns. The first Vedanta Society outside India was founded by the Indian Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda in New York in November 1894. In 1900, on Swami Vivekananda's second trip to the west, he established the San Francisco Center. Other direct disciples of Ramakrishna who came with Vivekananda to America include Swamis Turiyananda, Saradananda, Trigunatitananda, and Abhedananda.
In the 1940s and 1950s, many of the leading intellectuals and authors were attracted to various Vedanta Societies in the US: Aldous Huxley, Gerald Heard, and Christopher Isherwood were initiated by Swami Prabhavananda at the Vedanta Society of Southern California, Huston Smith studied under Swami Satprakashananda at the Vedanta Society of St. Louis, and J.D. Salinger and Joseph Campbell studied under Swami Nikhilananda at the Eastside New York Vedanta Society.

History
Swami Vivekananda, the founder of the Ramakrishna Vedanta movement in the West, came to the United States to represent Hinduism at the 1893 Parliament of Religions in Chicago, where he gave his celebrated greeting to the audience, "Sisters and Brothers of America!". Following his success at the Parliament, he spent two years lecturing in various parts of eastern and central United States, appearing chiefly in Chicago, Detroit, Boston, and New York. For two months, starting in June 1895, he conducted private lectures to a dozen of his disciples at Thousand Island Park.
The first Vedanta Society, the Vedanta Society of New York, was founded by Swami Vivekananda in November 1894 on his first trip to the West. In 1897 Vivekananda sent Swami Abhedananda to lead the organization. On Vivekananda's second trip to the west he founded the Vedanta Society of Northern California in San Francisco. Vivekananda spent three months in the Bay Area teaching Vedanta and attracting serious students. Before returning to India he told his followers he was sending Swami Turiyananda, "I have lectured to you on Vedanta; in Turiyananda you will see Vedanta personified. He lives it every moment of his life. He is the ideal Hindu monk, and he will help you all to live pure and holy lives."

Major Vedanta Societies in the West
Vedanta Society of New York
After Swami Vivekananda's celebrated appearance at the 1893 Parliament of Religions in Chicago, he went on a speaking tour of the mid-west and east coast of the United States. While in New York, he founded the first Vedanta Society in 1894. The pattern set by the New York Society has been carried forward with later centers, with a spiritual head from the Ramakrishna Order, and board of directors or trustees for managing the business of the center, for the education and ministering of the lay devotees, often referred to as students of Vedanta.
In 1895, Vivekananda broke off his speaking tour and held a 6-week retreat at Thousand Island Park, NY to train and initiate his first disciples, who would carry on the work after he returned to India. In 1897, Swami Abhedananda came from India to take over the work in New York, and for the first two decades of the 20th Century was the "...best-known Asian religious teacher in the United States". In 1921, the current location of the Society was able to be purchased through a gift by Miss Mary Morton, who was the daughter of the ex-Governor of New York, at 34 West Seventy First Street. Notable swamis who were the head of the NY Center include, Swami Paramananda, Swami Bodhananda (1906–1950), Swami Pavitrananada (1951–1977), Swami Tathagatananda (1977–2016), and the current head of Center is Swami Sarvapriyananda.

Vedanta Society of Northern California
On Swami Vivekananda's second trip to the United States, in 1900, he founded the Vedanta Society of San Francisco and called for a fellow direct disciple of Ramakrishna, Swami Trigunatitananda, to take charge of the center. It was under Trigunatitananda that was advertised as, "the first Hindu Temple in the Whole Western World". The unique architecture of the Hindu temple served an active role in the cultural contact.
The temple survived the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, but in 1914, a "demented follower had exploded a homemade bomb in the Hindu temple, fatally injuring Trigunatita". There was a series of swamis in charge until Swami Ashokananda took over in 1932 and continued until his death in 1969. During Ashokananda's time he greatly expanded the Northern California center to include a huge retreat in Olema, Marin Country, CA, a temple in Berkeley, CA, a temple in Sacramento, a convent in San Francisco, and another convent in San Rafael, CA. In 1959 he dedicated a greatly expanded "New Temple" at Fillmore and Vallejo. Swami Tattwamayananda is currently the Minister of the Vedanta Society of Northern California, San Francisco.

Vedanta Society of Southern California
The Vedanta Society of Southern California was founded by Swami Prabhavananda in 1930, originally located in the home of a disciple, that became the future Hollywood Vedanta Temple. The society struggled in the early years, but by the late 1930s, the Swami started to attract notable authors and intellectuals, who were curious about the ancient Vedanta philosophy, and wanted to hear more from an adept. In 1938 a formal temple was built on the former rose garden of the home. By the early 1950s Aldous Huxley, Christopher Isherwood, and Gerald Heard had joined the editorial board of the Society's journal, Vedanta In the West. The Swami established Vedanta Press, which oversaw the publication of books that would become standard textbooks for college-level courses, including The Spiritual Heritage of India and the Bhagavad Gita – The Song of God, translated by the Swami and Christopher Isherwood, with an introduction by Aldous Huxley. The translation was hailed as a literary translation, rather than literal. Time Magazine reported the book is a "distinguished literary work... simpler and freer than other English Translations".
In the early 1940s, Gerald Heard decided to establish his own monastery in Trabuco Canyon, in Orange County, Southern California, to practice intense spiritual exercises with a strict and physically demanding schedule, feeling that Prabhavananda was too lax. Aldous Huxley spent six weeks there working on his Perennial Philosophy. However, there were not enough followers to support the effort, so in 1949 he donated the entire property, buildings and furnishing to the Vedanta Society of Southern California, which became the Ramakrishna Monastery.
Prabhavananda was head of the center until his death on July 4, 1976. Swami Swahananda, who had been the head of the Berkeley Society took over and was head of the center until his death in 2010. Swami Sarvadevananda continues as the spiritual leader to the present.

Sub-centers
Ramakrishna Monastery, Trabuco Canyon

Vedanta Temple and Sarada Convent in Santa Barbara

Vedanta Center of Greater Washington DC, Maryland
The Center was established in April 1997 as part of the Vedanta Society of Southern California under the guidance of Swami Swahananda and Ramakrishna Math and Mission in Belur Math, West Bengal. Swami Swahananda was the head from 1997 to 2012. Swami Sarvadevananda is the current head of the Center.
Swami Atmajnanananda, currently the resident minister at the Vedanta Center of Greater Washington, DC, in Silver Spring, Maryland, USA. He is a scholar in Indian philosophy and traveled extensively throughout India and Bangladesh; contributed various articles and translations to some of the books and magazines of the Ramkrishna order. One of his articles was published in Living Wisdom: Vedanta in the West. He also authored Jiva Gosvamin's Tattvasandarbha: A Study on the Philosophical and Sectarian Development of the Gaudiya Vaisnava Movement, published by Motilal Banarsidass in 1986 under his pre-monastic name.

Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center, New York
The Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center located on the upper East Side of Manhattan Island was founded in 1933 by Swami Nikhilananda, when he and a group of followers broke off from the Vedanta Society of New York, while still maintaining its affiliation with the Ramakrishna Order in India.
The center has a main temple and monastery in New York City and a retreat property at Thousand Island Park on the Hudson, where Swami Vivekananda stayed for 7 weeks in the summer of 1895. Swami Nikhilananda produced some of the most important English translations of Vedanta scripture and literature including, The Gospel of Ramakrishna. Notable students of the Swami include Joseph Campbell (who helped edit the Gospel) and J.D. Salinger, who began his association with the Swami shortly after returning from WWII.
After Nikhilananda's death in 1973, Swami Adiswarananda took over, until his death in 2007. Currently, Swami Yuktatmananda heads the center.

Vedanta Society of St. Louis
The St. Louis Vedanta Society was founded by Swami Satprakashananda (1888–1979) in 1938. The Swami was a monk of the Ramakrishna Order and a disciple of Swami Brahmananda (considered to be the spiritual son of Ramakrishna) and first president of the Ramakrishna Order. The swami was a sought-after scholar and wrote several books on Vedanta. He was recommended by Aldous Huxley to a young Huston Smith who was moving to St. Louis in 1947, as someone who could teach Vedanta Philosophy in depth. Huston Smith took weekly tutorial sessions with the Swami for a decade, which became the foundation of the course, the TV Series and Book, all titled, The Religions of Man.
When the Society wanted to buy a building in a prominent and prestigious Church Row neighborhood in St. Louis, the swami was denied, as he had "brown skin", so Huston Smith and his wife Kendra bought the property and then turned it over to the society.
Swami Chetanananda was the assistant minister under Swami Prabhavananda at the Vedanta Society of Southern California from 1971 to 1979. As Satprakashananda's health declined, Chetanananda was assigned to St. Louis as the assistant there.
After Satprakashananda died, Swami Chetanananda became the head of the center, and continues in that role to today. Chetanananda continued the St. Louis Center's tradition of writing and translating important books on Vedanta and the early founders of the Ramakrishna Order. Chetanananda is, "One of the movement's most scholarly swamis".
Chetanananda's books include the teachings of the Ramakrishna Order's most important leaders, as well as biographies of many of the Direct Disciples of Ramakrishna:

The Breath of God 1988 - 130+ short stories of spiritual practices
They Lived with God: Life Stories of Some Devotees of Sri Ramakrishna 1989
Vedanta Voice of Freedom 1990 - A collection of teachings of Swami Vivekananda.
Sri Ramakrishna and His Divine Play 2003 - A new translation of Swami Saradananda's biography of Sri Ramakrishna.
Sri Sarada Devi and Her Divine Play 2015 - A biography of Sarada Devi, wife of Ramakrishna.

Ramakrishna Vedanta Society, Boston
The Ramakrishna Vedanta Society, Boston was founded in 1909, and is one of the oldest Vedanta Society in North America. It is a branch of Ramakrishna Order founded by Swami Vivekananda.
Swami Paramananda founded the Vedanta center in Boston in 1909. In 1941 Swami Akhilananda moved it to its present location at 58 Deerfield Street, Boston, MA. After Akhilananda died in 1962, Swami Sarvagatananda led the Vedanta Society for forty years until his formal retirement in 2002.
Swami Tyagananda became the head of the Society in 2002, after the retirement of Swami Sarvagatananda. He also serves as the chaplain for MIT and Harvard University. The Society provides spiritual seekers and students from local colleges and universities, participates in interfaith gatherings and promotes coexistence of the various religious traditions of the world.

Vedanta Society of Portland
An early attempt to start a Portland Vedanta study group in 1925 was initiated by Swami Prabhavananda, who had been the assistant in the San Francisco Center, but the group disbanded when Prabhavananda went on to establish the Vedanta Society of Southern California in 1930. Swami Devatmananda established a permanent Center in 1932 and acquired the large retreat property 20 miles outside of Portland. Swami Aseshananda, who had been the assistant minister under Swami Prabhavananda in Hollywood, took over in 1955 and remained in charge until his death in 1996. In Aseshananda's later years, in his 90s, he was the most senior monk in the Ramakrishna Order and the last living monastic disciple of Holy Mother, Sri Sarada Devi, the wife of Sri Ramakrishna.

Similar organizations
The term "Vedanta Society" generally refers to branches of the Ramakrishna Order. Other societies, groups, organizations, and institutes which are aligned with this mission and goal of teaching Vedanta include the following, but are not limited to: 

Chinmaya Mission
International Vedanta Society

References
Sources
Jackson, Carl (1994). Vedanta for the West. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33098-X.
Vrajaprana, Pravrajika (1994). Living Wisdom: Vedanta in the West. Vedanta Press. ISBN 978-0-874-810-554.
Chetanananda, Swami (1997). God Lived with Them. Vedanta Society of St. Louis. ISBN 978-8-175051-98-0.
Sawyer, Dana (2002). Aldous Huxley: A Biography. Crossroads Publishing Company. ISBN 0-8245-1987-6.
Murray, Nicholas (2003). Aldous Huxley: A Biography. St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-312-30237-1.
Davis, Erik (2006). The Visionary State. Chronical Books. ISBN 978-0-8118-4835-0.
Goldberg, Phillip (2010). American Veda. Harmony Books. ISBN 978-0-385-52134-5.
Sawyer, Dana (2014). Huston Smith: Wisdom Keeper. Fons Vital. ISBN 978-1891785-290.

External links to Vedanta Societies in the United States
External links to Vedanta Societies in Canada
Vedanta Society of Calgary
Vedanta Society of Toronto
Vivekananda Vedanta Society of British Columbia

Title: Pelazoneuron
== Description ==
Pelazoneuron is a genus of ferns in the order Polypodiales. Pelazoneuron has been observed in the southeast region of the United States, as well as parts of Central America and northeast South America.

Etymology
Taxonomy
Pelazoneuron contains the following species:

Pelazoneuron blepharis
Pelazoneuron berroi
Pelazoneuron clivale
Pelazoneuron cretaceum
Pelazoneuron depilatum
Pelazoneuron schizotis
Pelazoneuron patens
Pelazoneuron lanosum
Pelazoneuron albicaule
Pelazoneuron tuerckheimii
Pelazoneuron serra
Pelazoneuron puberulum
Pelazoneuron kunthii
Pelazoneuron augescens
Pelazoneuron abruptum
Pelazoneuron ovatum


== References ==

Title: David Matthews
Dave or David Matthews may refer to:

Music
Dave Matthews (born 1967), lead singer and guitarist of the pop music group Dave Matthews Band
Dave Matthews (saxophonist) (1911–1997), American jazz saxophonist
David Matthews (keyboardist) (born 1942), U.S. jazz composer, arranger, and keyboardist
David Matthews (composer) (born 1943), English composer

Politics
David Mathews (c. 1739–1800), mayor of New York City
David Matthews (British politician) (1868–1960), MP for Swansea East
F. David Mathews (born 1935), academic and politician

Sports
David Matthews (rugby union) (1937–2019), rugby union flanker
David Matthews (runner) (born 1974), Irish athlete
David Mathews (field hockey) (born 1977), English field hockey player
David Matthews (footballer) (born 1965), English footballer

Other
David Matthews (author) (born 1967), American author
David Matthews (blackjack player), American blackjack player and writer
David Matthews (academic) (1932–2020), American and British scholar, author, and translator
David A. Matthews (1847–1923), American soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
Dave Matthews (Family Affairs), fictional character in the British TV soap opera Family Affairs

See also
David Mathew (disambiguation)

Title: French xebec Singe (1762)
Singe was a Renard-class xebec of the French Navy, launched in 1762. She served in the Mediterranean against the Barbary pirates, and is notable for a number of important officers who served aboard, notably Flotte, Raimondis and Suffren.

Career
In 1763, Singe patrolled the Mediterranean with her sister-ship Caméléon and the frigate Pléïade, to ward off the Salé Rovers. On 15 July 1763, Singe mistakenly engaged a galiot from Algiers, which she mistook for a Salé rover. Pléïade intervened fired two broadsides into the galiot, which sank with all hands before the error was realised. This triggered a diplomatic incident and Captain Fabry had to negotiate a resolution to the crisis.
In 1763, Singe was under Suffren, part of a squadron under Duchaffault. She took part in the Larache expedition in June 1765.
In 1769, Singe off Porto-Vecchio under Raimondis.

Fate
Singe was sold in Toulon in 1780.

Legacy
A 1/28.8 scale model of Singe is on display at the Musée national de la Marine in Paris.

Citations
References
Contenson, Ludovic (1934). La Société des Cincinnati de France et la guerre d'Amérique (1778-1783). Paris: éditions Auguste Picard. OCLC 7842336.
Cunat, Charles (1852). Histoire du Bailli de Suffren. Rennes: A. Marteville et Lefas. p. 447.
Hennequin, Joseph François Gabriel (1835). Biographie maritime ou notices historiques sur la vie et les campagnes des marins célèbres français et étrangers (in French). Vol. 2. Paris: Regnault éditeur. pp. 289–332.
Moulin, Stéphane (1922). La Carrière d'un Marin au XVIIIème siècle ; Joseph de Flotte 1734-1792. Gap: éditions Jean et Peyrot. OCLC 902496109.
Roche, Jean-Michel (2005). Dictionnaire des bâtiments de la flotte de guerre française de Colbert à nos jours. Vol. 1. Group Retozel-Maury Millau. ISBN 978-2-9525917-0-6. OCLC 165892922. (1671-1870)
Taillemite, Étienne (2002). Dictionnaire des Marins français. Tallandier. ISBN 2-84734-008-4. OCLC 606770323.

External links
MnM. "Maquette de bateau, Singe, chébec de 20 canon, 1762". Les collections du musée. Musée national de la Marine. Retrieved 13 June 2020.

Title: Bruce W. Winter
Bruce William Winter (born 2 July 1939) is an Australian conservative evangelical New Testament scholar and director of the Institute for Early Christianity in the Graeco-Roman World. Winter was warden of Tyndale House at the University of Cambridge (1987–2006), and is currently lecturing part-time in the area of New Testament at Queensland Theological College in Australia], the training arm of the Presbyterian Church of Australia in the state of Queensland.
Winter's academic work has focused on the 1st-century context of the Christian religion in the Roman Empire, about which he has written a number of books and numerous journal articles. He is a member of the Tyndale Fellowship, the Society of Biblical Literature, the British Epigraphic Society and the Studiorum Novi Testamenti Societas.

Early life and education
Winter completed a B.A. in History, Political Science and Biblical Studies at the University of Queensland.
After working for some time in the Australian Public Service, during which time he received a Diploma in Public Administration, he commenced training for ordination at Moore Theological College in Sydney. In 1973, he left Australia and began parish ministry at the Anglican Saint George's Church, Singapore. After three years, he became the warden of St Peter's Hall, part of Trinity Theological College, Singapore. In the years that followed, Winter gained a M.Th. from South East Asia Graduate School of Theology, followed by his Ph.D. entitled "Philo and Paul among the Sophists: A Hellenistic and Jewish Christian Response", through Macquarie University.

Career
Winter later applied for the position of warden at Tyndale House, Cambridge, UK, and was appointed to the position in August 1987. He remained warden until the end of 2006, after which he took up the position of principal of the Queensland Theological College, where he remained until December 2011.
Winter is a former editor of the Tyndale Bulletin. In 2004, a festschrift was published in his honour. The book, The New Testament in Its First Century Setting: Essays on Context and Background in Honour of B. W. Winter on His 65th Birthday, included contributions from I. Howard Marshall, D. A. Carson and Paul Barnett.

Works
Thesis
Winter, Bruce W. Philo and Paul among the Sophists: A Hellenistic and Jewish Christian Response (Ph.D.).

Books
——— (1994). Seek the Welfare of the City: Christians as Benefactors and Citizens. First-Century Christians in the Graeco-Roman World. Grand Rapids, MI & Carlisle: Eerdmans & Paternoster. ISBN 9780802840912. OCLC 31434167.
——— (1997). Paul and Philo Among the Sophists. Society for New Testament Studies - Monograph series. Vol. 96 (1st ed.). Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 9780521591089. OCLC 489872005. - a development of his Ph.D. thesis
——— (2001). After Paul Left Corinth: The Influence of Secular Ethics and Social Change. Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans. ISBN 9780802848987. OCLC 45247326.
——— (2002). Paul and Philo Among the Sophists: Alexandrian and Corinthian Responses to a Julio-Claudian Movement (2nd ed.). Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans. - a revision of his 1997 work
——— (2002). Roman Wives, Roman Widows: The Appearance of New Women and the Pauline Communities. Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans. ISBN 9780802849717. OCLC 52431088.
——— (2015). Divine honours for the Caesars : the first Christians' responses. Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans. ISBN 9780802872579. OCLC 909883424.

As editor
———; Clarke, Andrew D., eds. (1992). One God, one Lord: Christianity in a world of religious pluralism. Tyndale House Studies. Exeter, UK & Grand Rapids, MI: Paternoster Press & Baker Book House. ISBN 9780951835623. OCLC 25509184.
———; Clarke, Andrew D., eds. (1993). The Book of Acts in its ancient literary setting. Book of Acts in its first century setting. Vol. 1. Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans. ISBN 9780853645634. OCLC 29743560.

Articles and chapters
——— (1992). "In public and private: early Christians and religious pluralism". In ———; Clarke, Andrew D. (eds.). One God, one Lord: Christianity in a world of religious pluralism. Tyndale House Studies. Exeter, UK & Grand Rapids, MI: Paternoster Press & Baker Book House. ISBN 9780951835623. OCLC 25509184.
——— (1993). "Official proceedings and the forensic speeches in Acts 24-26". In ———; Clarke, Andrew D. (eds.). The Book of Acts in its ancient literary setting. Book of Acts in its first century setting. Vol. 1. Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans. ISBN 9780853645634. OCLC 29743560.

References
External links
Queensland Theological College
Tyndale House, Cambridge
Moore Theological College

Title: Echinopogon
Echinopogon is a genus of grasses native to Australia, New Guinea, Indonesia, and New Zealand. They are known commonly as hedgehog grasses.
They are perennial grasses with bristly panicles.

Species
Echinopogon caespitosus - bushy hedgehog grass, tufted hedgehog grass - Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria
Echinopogon cheelii - longflower hedgehog grass  - New South Wales, Victoria
Echinopogon intermedius - erect hedgehog grass - Queensland, New South Wales
Echinopogon mckiei - New South Wales
Echinopogon nutans  - Queensland, New South Wales, New Guinea
Echinopogon ovatus - forest hedgehog grass - New Guinea, Australia (all 6 states plus Norfolk Island), Lesser Sunda Islands, New Zealand (North + South + Chatham Islands)
Echinopogon phleoides - Northern Tablelands of New South Wales
formerly included
see Calamagrostis 

Echinopogon gunnianus - Calamagrostis gunniana

References
External links
Grassbase - The World Online Grass Flora

Title: National Route 124 (Costa Rica)
National Secondary Route 124, or just Route 124 (Spanish: Ruta Nacional Secundaria 124, or Ruta 124) is a National Road Route of Costa Rica, located in the Alajuela province.

Description
In Alajuela province the route covers Alajuela canton (Alajuela, San Antonio, Guácima, and San Rafael districts).


== References ==

Title: Pāʻea
Pāʻea is a commune in the suburbs of Papeʻete in French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the southern Pacific Ocean. Pāʻea is located on the island of Tahiti, in the administrative subdivision of the Windward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2022 census it had a population of 12,756.
Tahiti's west coast freeway runs through Pāʻea and ends in Teahupoʻo down south. Going northbound would take drivers toward Papeʻete.
The area of Pāʻea was first settled by Polynesian explorers. Captain James Cook had arrived in 1769. Pāʻea was part of the Kingdom of Tahiti until France claimed the islands of French Polynesia. The Faaa International Airport was built in 1962 and opened later on. The now defunct Air Moorea's flight 1121 crashed while it was flying to Moʻorea. Close to where the crash site is located lies a rock with the names of those people killed in the accident.
Moʻorea is north of Pāʻea and is seen as a gray mound sticking out of the Pacific Ocean. Mount Orohena is a major mountain nearby measuring 7,330 feet tall.

Geography
Climate
Pāʻea has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen climate classification Af). The average annual temperature in Pāʻea is 25.9 °C (78.6 °F). The average annual rainfall is 2,221.3 mm (87.45 in) with December as the wettest month. The temperatures are highest on average in March, at around 27.3 °C (81.1 °F), and lowest in July, at around 24.3 °C (75.7 °F). The highest temperature ever recorded in Paea was 35.1 °C (95.2 °F) on 19 March 1998; the coldest temperature ever recorded was 15.9 °C (60.6 °F) on 30 August 1976.

Population
See also
Faʻaʻā


== References ==

Title: Elk Rock Gardens of the Bishop's Close
Elk Rock Gardens of the Bishop's Close are located on a hillside estate overlooking the Willamette River in Dunthorpe, Oregon, in the United States. Peter Kerr started the gardens in 1916 on a 13-acre (5.3 ha) estate that passed to the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon after his death in 1957. The private estate includes a manor house-inspired residence and other structures, and is open to visitors Monday - Friday, 8:00 am – 5:00pm.
Magnolias and other native and non-native trees, shrubs, and plants grow in the gardens. Dunthorpe is an unincorporated community on the west side of the Willamette south of Portland and north of Lake Oswego along Oregon Route 43.

History
Kerr moved to Portland from Scotland in 1888 and started a grain business. He and his brother and Kerr's business partner bought land on the hillside in the early 1890s. They built a cottage on the site and lived there until the other two men married and moved elsewhere. Kerr, the sole remaining occupant, married Laurie King in 1905. They lived in the cottage until 1916, when a new house resembling a Scottish manor was completed on the site. John Olmsted of the Olmsted Brothers landscape architects, sited the house to provide a view of Mount Hood. After the manor was finished, Kerr, encouraged by his wife, began work on a large garden. Kerr planted the garden with plants obtained during his travels, as well as native Northwest plants. He spent nearly six decades developing the garden prior to his death at the age of 95.

 When Kerr died in 1957, his daughters, Anne McDonald and Jane Platt, gave the estate and an endowment for its maintenance to the Episcopal Bishop of Oregon on condition that the garden be open to visitors. The diocese named the gardens "Elk Rock Gardens of the Bishop's Close". The "Elk Rock" part of the name derived from the late 19th century name for nearby cliffs above the river. The "Close" part of the name derived from a mainly British use of the word meaning "an enclosed area around a church or other sacred space". The Elk Rock Garden Foundation and the Friends of Elk Rock Garden were formed in 1994 to protect and maintain the garden.
On nearby land to the south, the City of Portland manages about 3.3 acres (1.3 ha) donated by the Kerr family in 1955 for a public park. The Peter Kerr Property, as it is called, includes natural habitat and part of a 1,200-foot (370 m) railroad tunnel through Elk Rock. The Willamette Shore Trolley uses the tunnel for passenger excursions between Portland and Lake Oswego. Across the river from the estate and park is Elk Rock Island, which is accessible from Spring Park in Milwaukie on the east side of the river.

See also
List of botanical gardens and arboretums in Oregon

References
External links

Frommer's Review: Elk Rock Garden of the Bishop's Close
Elk Rock Garden at the Bishop's Close official site
Map of Bishop's Close and the gardens

Title: Chauth Mata Temple
Chauth Mata Temple is located in a village named Chauth Ka Barwara in Sawai Madhopur district of Indian state of Rajasthan.

History
This is one of the oldest temple of Rajasthan. This was built by Bhim Singh of Marwar, brought the Chauth Mata idol from a nearby village.


== References ==

Title: Lady Wood
Lady Wood is the second studio album by Swedish singer Tove Lo, released on 28 October 2016 by Island Records. Lady Wood is considered the first half of a two-piece concept album that describe "highs, lows and ultimate demise of a relationship." Its chapters "Fairy Dust" and "Fire Fade" precede the chapters "Light Beams" and "Pitch Black" from her following album Blue Lips (2017). It was recorded between July 2015 and May 2016, which Lo commented was a quicker turnaround than the "whole life" she was afforded when creating her previous record Queen of the Clouds (2014).
The tracks that begin each chapter are instrumental compositions by The Struts member Ludvig Södberg ("Fairy Dust"), and Ilya Salmanzadeh ("Fire Fade"). Including the introductory tracks, Lo co-wrote the album's 10 songs. The album features new collaborations with producers Ilya, Oscar Holter, Oscar Görres, Rickard Göransson, and Joel Little, and guest vocals from rapper Wiz Khalifa, and fellow singer-songwriter, Joe Janiak. Two short films complemented the album's two chapters. The first, Fairy Dust, was released on 31 October 2016, and was followed by Fire Fade on 25 August 2017. These short films focus on a fictionalized, self-destructive version of Lo while expanding on the album's lyrical themes. Both short films were produced by Diktator, written by Lo and Tim Erem and directed by Erem.
"Cool Girl" was serviced as the lead single from Lady Wood on 4 August 2016, reaching number 15 in Sweden and number 84 on the US Billboard Hot 100. "True Disaster" was released on 15 November 2016 as the album's second single. The album peaked at number 11 on the US Billboard 200, becoming her highest-charting album in the country to date. To promote the album, Lo embarked on her second concert tour, Lady Wood Tour.

Background and composition
Lady Wood was inspired by "the chase, the rush, the peak, and the downfall [of the] emotional rollercoaster" Lo experienced since her extended play Truth Serum and debut studio album Queen of the Clouds were released in 2014. The album consists of two chapters: "Fairy Dust", which details the euphoria surrounding a gratifying encounter, and "Fire Fade", which highlights a subsequent sense of self-awareness. Lo announced Lady Wood is to be the first half of a two-piece album, with the third and fourth chapters "Light Beam" and "Pitch Black" to be included on Lo's third studio album in 2017.

Title and release
On 17 August 2016, Lo revealed that her second studio album would be titled Lady Wood and would be released on 28 October. About the title, Tove Lo recalls "writing the bridge of the title track, and thinking that I wanted to say, like, 'You're turning me on,' but I wanted to find another word. Like, what's the word for a female hard-on? I think I heard it in a movie somewhere—they were just like, 'You give me wood.' And I was like, 'Girl wood, or, Lady wood! Yes!'"

Promotion
The lead single from the album, "Cool Girl", was released on 4 August 2016, reaching number 15 in Sweden and number 84 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
"Influence" was released on 9 September 2016 as the first promotional single from the album. The song features American rapper Wiz Khalifa. "True Disaster" was originally released on 14 October 2016 as the second promotional single. The song was sent to US contemporary hit radio on 15 November 2016 as the album's second single.

Tour
On 23 October 2016, five days prior to the release of the Lady Wood, Lo announced North American and European headlining Lady Wood Tour, with special guests Phoebe Ryan and Broods, to promote the album. Various South American dates, Australian dates, other miscellaneous concerts, and festival dates were later announced at different times. The tour kicked off on 6 February 2017 in Seattle, Washington.

Fairy Dust and Fire Fade
The trailer for Fairy Dust, a short film based on the first half of the album, was unveiled on 17 October 2016. The full short film for Fairy Dust was released on 31 October 2016. A short film for the second half of the album, titled Fire Fade, was released on 25 August 2017.

Critical reception
Lady Wood received generally positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 74, based on 16 reviews. Entertainment Weekly's Madison Vain praised the album as "the darkest, weirdest, most irresistible pop record of the fall" and wrote, "While Lo's lyrics are stark and intensely personal, the music sounds engineered for the masses." Writing for NME, Nick Levine commented that "[s]ome listeners may not warm to Lo's persona, but her songwriting skills are difficult to fault", adding that "she keeps the hooks coming throughout as her hip, minimal electro-pop quivers, shimmers, pulses and throbs." Alim Kheraj of DIY noted that "Lady Wood isn't an album made for radio or easy digestion. The hooks are there but, like Tove herself, they aren't succumbing expectations."
Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone opined that the album "doesn't have anything that hits quite as hard as 'Stay High (Habits)' [sic] and 'Talking Body' [...] But its minimalist tech-house sound has a darkly textured allure". Heather Phares of AllMusic remarked that "despite its provocative title, [Lady Wood] often feels more straightforward than Queen of the Clouds did." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine concluded that "Lady Wood is admirably lean and tightly focused, and though it doesn't boast confessionals on the order of Like a Prayer's, it offers a peek inside the psyche of a smart, burgeoning young star." Katherine St. Asaph of Pitchfork stated that "Lady Wood is short, but Lo finds ample darkness to plumb." The Observer's Kitty Empire expressed that "Lady Wood is, if anything, classier than Queen of the Clouds. But it might not sell so well, in that it lacks the sleazy catnip—the sex clubs, the self-abasement—displayed in the latter's defining singles."

Track listing
Notes

^[a]  signifies a remixer

Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Lady Wood.

Musicians
Tove Lo – vocals (tracks 2–6, 8–12)
Wiz Khalifa – vocals (track 2)
The Struts – programming, bass, keyboards, guitars, percussion (tracks 2, 5, 6, 9, 12)
Oscar Holter – programming, bass, keyboards, guitars, percussion (tracks 3, 4)
Ludvig Söderberg – programming, bass, keyboards, guitars, percussion (track 3)
Joe Janiak – vocals, guitar (track 6)
Ilya – programming, arrangement, bass, keyboards, guitars, percussion (track 8)
Joel Little – programming, bass, keyboards, guitars, percussion (track 9)
Ali Payami – programming, drums, keyboards, bass, guitar, all other instrumentation (track 10)
Oscar Görres – programming, bass, keyboards, guitars, percussion (track 11)

Technical
The Struts – production (tracks 2, 5, 6, 9, 12)
Noah Passovoy – vocal recording (track 2)
Oscar Holter – production (tracks 3, 4)
Ludvig Söderberg – production (track 3); executive production
Ilya – production (track 8)
Sam Holland – engineering (track 8)
Jeremy Lertola – engineering assistance (track 8)
Cory Bice – engineering assistance (track 8)
Joel Little – production (track 9)
Ali Payami – production (track 10)
Oscar Görres – production (track 11)
Tove Lo – executive production
Serban Ghenea – mixing
John Hanes – engineering for mix
Tom Coyne – mastering
Randy Merrill – mastering assistance

Artwork
Tim Erem – creative direction
Tove Lo – creative direction
Samuel Burgess-Johnson – art direction, design
Serena Neo – art direction, design
Matt Jones – photography

Charts
Release history
Notes


== References ==

Title: Karnataka Fire and Emergency Services
The Karnataka Fire and Emergency Services Department is a department of the Government of Karnataka that is the foremost disaster management body in Karnataka, India.

Background
All buildings in the state are required to obtain a compliance certificate for fire safety from the department. The department has the right to recommend the withdrawal of licences to commercial structures that do not have proper fire fighting equipment on their premises.
The department has a sanctioned strength of 6,448 personnel.
In 2009, the government announced that all taluks in the state would have fire stations.
As of 2011, the department had 168 fire stations across Karnataka, while 31 more were sanctioned in 2012.
In 2011, Infosys built a 21,417-square-metre (230,530 sq ft) fire station at Hebbal, Mysore at a cost of ₹ 45 million for the department.
The department also owns rescue vans in Bangalore, Mangalore, Gulbarga, Mysore, Mandya, Chamrjanagar, and Hassan.
The department owns a pumper that was built by Dennis Brothers and delivered to the erstwhile Kingdom of Mysore in 1925 from England. It is the only petrol driven vehicle in the fleet and is brought out only during parades and rallies. The department also owns a Bronto Skylift to reach the higher storeys of tall buildings in Bangalore. The department owns similar equipment in the cities of Hubli and Mangalore. Due to the lack of working fire hydrants in Bangalore city, the department has acquired two high capacity water tankers to send in case of massive fires.
The department was one of the rescue agencies during the 2010 Mangalore air crash.

Criticism
A report released by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India stated that the department was ill-prepared to handle emergency situations due to the lack of standard operating procedures.
The department relies on groundwater reservoirs of the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board to fill water due to the lack of fire hydrants in Bangalore city. 400 fire hydrants have been reported to have gone missing since the 1980s.

References
External links
Karnataka State Fire and Emergency Services

Title: Scone Civic Theatre
The Scone Civic Theatre is a heritage-listed cinema at 144 Kelly Street, Scone, Upper Hunter Shire, New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Guy Crick and Bruce Furse and built from 1937 to 1938 by Mr A. F. Little. The property is privately owned. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 21 February 2003.

History
Foundation
The Scone Civic Theatre was designed by Guy Crick and Bruce W. Furse, architects, Sydney, in 1937 for the Scone Theatres Pty Ltd. The original design by Crick & Furse was an 899-seat cinema. However, this was scrapped and the cinema redesigned after the company was unable to procure the original site on Kelly Street that they wanted, An amended scheme was submitted in November 1937 by Crick and Furse for license approval under the Public Halls and Cinemas Act of 1908.
The theatre was designed to seat 583 in the stalls and 246 in the circle, but was scaled back to seat 568 in the stalls and 240 in the dress circle, making the total seating capacity of 808. The tender of Mr. A. F. Little was accepted in November 1937, and building commenced in December. By February 1938, the foundations had been laid and the brickwork of the outside walls commenced. By 18 July 1938 the cinema was virtually complete, with just the seats to be put into position, just in time for the official opening of the cinema.
The building cost approximately A£14,000 to erect. The building contractor was Mr A. F. Little of Sydney. Mr H. Knight of Annandale did the painting and decorating and the electrician was Mr. G. H. Marshall, of Scone. The fibrous plasterers were Messrs. Rich and Co., Newcastle; vestibule and floor tiling; Roof and Building Service, Sydney; carpets, Mr A. Frederick Gibbs, and curtains, Mr G. Brakell. Sound equipment was supplied by RCA; bio machines, National Theatre Supplies; seating, Owen Knox and Co; heating and ventilating, Unit Air Conditioners, Sydney; doors, and also the complete fittings of the milk bar, Mr J. Hill, Scone.
The Civic Theatre was proclaimed and gazetted on 17 June 1938, and its licence issued on 17 August 1938.
The Civic Theatre was leased to Mr. C. R. N. Owen, and the Gala Opening was on 27 July 1938. The opening night was a charity function, with proceeds in aid of the Scott Memorial Hospital, in Scone. The Mayor of Scone, Ald. W. J. O'Brien, officiated at the event, after H. C. Carter, the Member for Liverpool Plains, couldn't attend due to illness. There were two films on the program Stolen Heaven and A Bride for Henry - which were supplemented by shorts.
Scone Theatres Pty Ltd was formed in 1937 to construct the cinema. The directors of the company and its shareholders were farmers and residents from the district. Chairman of the company, A. C. Ingham, explained at the opening night, "the theatre...had been built by the citizens of the town and district, by whom the whole of the requisite capital had been subscribed". The company had shown its determination to cater for the entertainment of the people, and looked forward to a continuance of their patronage, which was so much appreciated in the evening. The Scone Advocate praised the company for their "boldness and faith and confidence in the town and district." The directors of the company in 1937 were Arthur Centennial Inham, a grazier from Parklands; Herbett Ernest Ell Garside, a store keeper in Scone; and the alternate director was Maxwell Osmond Pye, a medical practitioner in based in Scone.
The Civic Theatre was seen as a sign of progress and enterprise for Scone, "imposing and resplendent to a degree", "an ornament to the district, of which it will also remain one of the architectural features for many years to come". The Scone Advocate reported the theatre opened "in a blaze of splendour and colour". The design and fittings of the cinema were admired for being modern, efficient and comfortable."  In the magnificent building, seating accommodation has been provided for approximately 1000 persons in stalls and circle (a slight exaggeration, as the cinema actually seated 808), while spacious foyer room and vestibules have been incorporated in the scheme.  The auditorium has been portioned and designed so as to permit of the maximum acoustic properties being obtained, and is ornamented by a restrained application of features that blend with the artistic ceiling to give full effect to the colour combination provided by the Neon and concealed lighting, the mellowness, yet sufficiently colourfulness, of which is most effective."
In particular, the theatre's air-conditioning was celebrated as a modem innovation. The Civic Theatre, as the newspaper was quick to point out, was amongst the first cinemas in the state to have full air-conditioning. The design, plans and specifications for the air-conditioning are deposited at NSW State Records in the file for Scone Civic Theatre - Licence No; 554.

1950s
On 22 September 1954, just before 5:00 pm, a fire broke out in the Civic Theatre. Theatre employees discovered the fire when they returned to the cinema to prepare for the evening programme. Scone Volunteer Fire Brigade was called to the cinema to put out the blaze, which had originated in the pit below the stage. It was unclear how the fire started, it being blamed on children smoking tobacco in the pit under the stage. Damage to the theatre was contained around the stage section of the auditorium. The stage, screen, curtains, sound equipment, ceiling and roof were severely damaged by fire, with the remainder of the building's contents being slightly damaged by heat, smoke and water. The Northern Daily Leader reported that the fire caused an estimated £5,000 damage to the theatre. After cleaning up and making a temporary canvass sheet roof, the Civic Theatre re-opened to patrons two days later on the Friday.
The lessee, Mr Theo Coroneo, took the opportunity to renovate the cinema while building new fittings following the fire, By December 1954 the roof and ceiling had been repaired, and the stage was in the course of reconstruction. The Theatre was also renovated and painted. Alterations were made to the observation ports in the bio-box and new apparatus was provided. Cream brocade curtains and a new wide screen were installed in February 1955.
The Scone Civic Theatre hosted the Australian premiere of the 1957 film The Shiralee. The film starred Peter Finch and was filmed in the Scone district.
In June 1957 an engine room to house an auxiliary electricity generating plant was constructed at the rear southern side of the cinema. It was constructed of concrete foundations and floor with timber frame and galvanised corrugated iron sheet walls and roof.
As noted above, the original lessee of the Civic Theatre from Scone Theatre Pty Ltd was C. R. N. Owen. According to The Scone Advocate, Mr Owen, had 'quite a chain of theatres in the country districts of the State". In the early days of the theatre, the local manager was Mr Ron Sutton, who had previously worked with Mr Owen at one of his enterprises down at Nowra. In 1944, Alex Coroneo was listed as the exhibitor at the Civic Theatre. The lease was then taken over by Theo Mena Coroneo and Sam Coroneo, and together the brothers ran the theatre until 1953, after which time Theo Mena Coroneo took over the licence and lease for himself. In May 1963 Theo Mena Coroneo purchased the Civic Theatre from Scone Theatres Pty Ltd, and as a consequence the company was wound up. The Civic Theatre has remained in the hands of the Coroneo family since 1963.

Closure
According to Ross Thorne et al., the Civic Theatre "closed around 1983-84, but reopened in 1988 after minor renovations. It closed again in 1992, but reopened the same year."
In 2018, the facade of the building was restored as part of an ongoing restoration effort aimed at reopening the building as a multifunction centre.

Development of cinema theatres in Australia
Guy Crick (1901–1964) was born in Hobart and was educated in Melbourne. He attended the Technical College in Melbourne part-time for four years, then returned to Hobart in the early 1920s where he subsequently married. In the middle of the decade he moved to Sydney and managed to gain employment in the office of Henry Eli White, one of the most prolific and influential cinema and theatre designers in Australia during the 1920s. Here he would have become familiar with the Union Theatres (later Greater Union) and established a relationship with the company that enabled him to design cinemas for it up until the early 1960s. White closed his office at the onset of the Great Depression and so Crick went into partnership with the cinema specialist architect Charles Bohringer (Bohringer Taylor and Crick) in 1930. This was relatively short lived, Crick leaving the firm to form Crick & Associated. One of these was Bruce W. Furse, who had also worked in the Bohringer office.
Bruce Furse (1906–1967) was born in Strathfield, Sydney, and completed his architectural education at the Sydney Technical College. It is not known who Furse worked for as a young man, but he did not complete the course at the Technical College, instead qualifying to practice as an architect in 1933 after sitting for the Board of Architects of NSW examination.
The firm of Crick and Furse reputedly designed thirty new cinema buildings in New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia and Tasmania, and remodelled about fifty existing cinemas. Crick was influenced by German Expressionist architecture and interested in the interior design of cinemas, that is the furnishings, acoustics, and lighting, while Furse provided the basic lines of decoration and lighting.
After the partnership split up in 1940 Furse went into practice by himself. He carried out wawar-relatedesign and supervision, then after WWII established a practice known as Bruce. W. Furse & Associates. An accident in 1954 resulted in his early retirement from professional life. Crick also continued to practice, keeping his office open while serving in New Guinea during the war. After the war he went into partnership with Servas Van Breda, then practiced as Guy Crick & Associates and finally formed the partnership of Guy Crick, Lewis and Williams. He practiced in Brisbane and in Sydney.
According to Ross Thorne, the Minerva/Metro and West Olympia in Adelaide - both designed by Crick & Furse - were the two finest "Moderne" style theatres in Australia. Thorne, along with Kevin Cork, wrote of Crick & Furse "their influence on cinema building in Australia is immeasurable. The theatres they created represented all that was considered to be modern and comfortable.".
After years of research, plans, reports and meeting approvals, stage one conservation works began in February 2017 – restoration of its exterior. A $40,000 grant from the Office of Environment & Heritage in 2016 contributed four per cent of the overall cost of the initial phase. Stage 2 will be ground floor internal refurbishment, to make it available for use as a community multifunction centre with concealed modern conveniences.

Description
The Civic Theatre at Scone is a medium-sized cinema designed in the Inter-war Functionalist & Moderne style. The building is rendered brick with a fibrolite (corrugated asbestos sheet) roof. Ornament of the building is concentrated on the upper part of the building. The cinema features a stepped skyline on which the cinema's name – Civic – was promoted vertically in stylised lettering. A parallel line motif defines the top of the parapet and the buildings length giving a streamlined effect, and a large circular window dominates the left-hand side of the building, providing light to the crush lounge. The premises consists of the cinema auditorium and one retail shop (originally a milk bar).
Specifications of the cinema were described in the original licence as follows: The building is erected on reinforced concrete foundations, the walls are brick, and the roof construction wood. The roof will be covered with iron. The circle is supported by R. S. J. radials, the general construction being wood. The stairways are carried out in concrete. The height of the ceiling from the floor line is 7.0 metres (23 ft). The overall size of the premises is 20 by 38 metres (64 ft × 126 ft). The width of the auditorium is 14 metres (45 ft) and the depth 25 metres (82 ft). The stage is 2.7 metres (9 ft) in depth by 9.1 metres (30 ft) in width. The depth of the gallery is 15 metres (48 ft). A foyer lounge is located above the shop. The foyer lounge is 16 ft x 34 ft. The biograph room is situated at the rear of the circle. The ventilating machine is towards the rear of the premises and will be independently roofed. The cinema was to be heated and air-conditioned, one of the earliest cinemas to receive such treatment.
The interiors of the foyer, crush lounge and cinema auditorium are highly intact. Entrance to the foyer is via timber framed and glassed double doors with chrome handles. The glass is etched with Art Deco decorative elements and the letter "C". The foyer consists of a ticket booth and candy bar. The ticket booth is situated between the two sets of doors leading to the auditorium. It features metal frame detailing, including a geometric circular pattern, which is repeated in the stair balustrade leading to the crush lounge, and the stairs from the crush lounge to gallery level of the auditorium. The candy bar appears to be a later addition to the foyer. Near the stairs leading to the crush lounge are four Art Deco chairs and a cigarette table. While these may not be original, they contribute significantly to the Art Deco feel of the foyer interior. The crush lounge, which leads from the gallery level of the auditorium is a rectangular room, with a large circular window overlooking Kelly Street. It appears there was originally a bar/candy lounge in this space, however this has since been removed. An old fridge, with a painted logo of the cinema on the side remains. There are doors leading from the men's and women's toilets at the far end of the crush lounge. There are a range of original Art Deco light fittings in the foyer, crush lounge and auditorium. However, there are two chandeliers - one in the foyer and one in the crush lounge - which do not appear to be the original and may have been introduced at a later date.
The auditorium is a two level cinema, originally seating 808 people - 568 in the stalls and 240 in the dress circle. The seating in the stalls have been replaced, however there is still original seating in the gallery. The auditorium curves inwards towards the screen and stage, drawing the viewers eyes to the screen. All the original wall decoration remains intact. Of particular note are the abstract Expressionist geometric motifs that extend from the floor to the ceiling along the length of the auditorium. These streamlined geometric patterns are typical of the work of Crick and Furse.
The biograph room, at the rear of the circle, has two Simplex 35-millimetre (1.4 in) projectors with Peerless Magnarc carbonarc lamp houses dating from c. 1938. The room also contains the original rectifier. The original air-conditioning plant is located on the external northern wall. This has since been replaced by modern air-conditioning.

Condition
As at 6 January 2003, the building was of solid construction but was in need of substantial renovation, especially exterior and interior painting.
The Functionalist interiors overlaid with Art Deco detail remain substantially unaltered, since the theatre has never been remodelled.

Modifications and dates
22 September 1954 – Fire underneath stage severely damaging stage, screen, curtains, sound equipment, ceiling and roof.
December 1954 – roof and ceiling had been repaired and stage was in the course of reconstruction. Theatre was also renovated and painted. Alterations made to the observation ports in the bio-box and new apparatus provided.
February 1955 – cream brocade curtains and a new wide screen installed.
10 June 1957 – construction of engine room to house an auxiliary electricity generating plant.
n.d. – New air-conditioning installed and new vents put into theatre.
1988 – minor renovations took place.

Heritage listing
As at 14 March 2007, the Scone Civic Theatre was of State significance as the last remaining intact theatre designed by prominent theatre architects, Crick and Furse in New South Wales. Designed in 1937 and completed in 1938, the Scone Civic Theatre is a representative example of the work of the nationally important cinema architects, Crick and Furse. The Kelly Street façade is an exceptional example of the interwar Functionalist style of architecture in New South Wales, and forms an important part of the streetscape.
The Functionalist interiors (overlaid in Art Deco detail) - the auditorium and foyers remain substantially unaltered, since the theatre has never been remodelled. The intact interiors means there is a high level of research and technical significance. It is one of the few cinemas remaining in New South Wales to retain its dress circle, and has not been converted into multiple cinemas. The interiors provide an important understanding of style and detailing of picture theatre architecture in the 1930s.
The two projectors are original and date from c. 1938. These are of immense technical interest, may warrant further research. The original air-conditioning plant remains largely intact and has technical interest as an early example of full air-conditioning dating from 1938.
The Scone Civic Theatre was built for local public use by the local community therefore has a high level of social significance. Scone Theatres Pty Ltd, a company formed by residents of the district who financed the venture. The Civic Theatre has been a central part of the social and cultural life of the community in Scone and surrounding districts for over 60 years. One of the highlights of the cinema's history is that the Scone Civic Theatre hosted the Australian premiere of the Australian film "The Shiralee' in 1957.
The Scone Civic Theatre was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 21 February 2003 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The Scone Civic Theatre is historically significant as the last remaining intact theatre designed by prominent cinema architects, Crick and Furse in NSW.
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
The Scone Theatre has strong associations with prominent cinema architects, Guy Crick and Bruce. W. Furse - prominent and important cinema architects in NSW during the 1930s.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The original air-conditioning plant has technical significance as an intact example of an early 20th century full air-conditioning system.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
The Scone Civic Theatre is culturally significant as it hosted the Australian premiere of the Australian film, "The Shiralee" filmed in and around Scone. This was an important cultural event in the growth and recognition of Australian film and of the Australian film industry.
The Scone Civic Theatre is socially significant at a local level.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The largely intact interior provides an important understanding of style and detailing of picture theatre architecture in the 1930s.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
The Scone Civic Theatre is rare as the last remaining intact theatre designed by cinema architects, Crick & Furse.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
The Scone Civic Theatre is representative of the work of the nationally important cinema architects, Crick and Furse.

See also
Australian non-residential architectural styles

References
Bibliography
"Scone Civic Theatre". 2007.
Murray, L.; Lumby, R. (2001). Scone Civic Theatre Classification Report. {{cite book}}: |work= ignored (help)
University of Sydney (1996). Movie Theatre Heritage Register for NSW, 1896-1996.

Attribution
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on Scone Civic Theatre, entry number 01660 in the New South Wales State Heritage Register published by the State of New South Wales (Department of Planning and Environment) 2018 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 2 June 2018. 


== External links ==

Title: N. Karthik
N. Karthik (1 June 1964) is an Indian Tamil politician and a Member of the Legislative Assembly. He won the 2016 Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly Elections representing DMK in Singanallur.

Electoral history


== References ==

Title: Telêmaco Borba
Telêmaco Borba is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Telêmaco Borba is known as the "capital of paper" (Capital do Papel) and "capital of wood" (Capital da Madeira) due to the importance of paper and wood production to the local economy, with reforestation for growing pine and eucalyptus that reaches 90% of the agricultural area of the municipality.

City
Telêmaco Borba is the second largest city in Campos Gerais, it had a population of 79,792 in 2020, according to the estimate. Telêmaco Borba is highly urbanised, since only 2,400 residents live in the countryside.
The city was founded because of Klabin Papel e Celulose Industry in the early 1940s. Their factory is the largest producer, exporter and recycler of paper in Brazil.
Today, the city is the 6th largest Industrial Center in Paraná, thanks to paper/lumber sector. That's why the city is the "Paper and Timber Capital". Telêmaco Borba is a national reference in this sector, and with an industrial park that holds 80 companies with diversified activities. Is also an important regional center in many areas, among them, health and education.

History
With the installation of Klabin Industries in Tibagi, encampments arose as Harmonia, Lagoa, Antas, Maua, Mandaçaia, Miranda, Mirandinha. Klabin later bought the land on the left bank of the Tibagi River, the facilities front of Paper Mill and Pulp. Klabin, created the Cia. Territorial Tibagi Valley, which was responsible for urban development and subdivision of land.
The new residents, the vast majority of employees Klabin, started calling the town of New Town. The New Town was an early development than on July 25, 1960 signed by the governor Moyses Lupion, was elevated to a municipality under the name of Telêmaco Borba, with territory taken from the municipality of Tibagi.
However, the city was never even installed, since the Legislative Assembly of the State of Paraná, revoked item IV of article 1 of Law No. 4245, of July 25, 1960 and therefore was extinguished municipality of Telêmaco Borba, returning to the status of mere district with territory belonging to the municipality of Tibagi again, and resuming its former name of New Town.
By State Law No. 4,445, of October 16, 1961, the Administrative District of New Town was created in the municipality of Tibagi. On July 5, 1963, by State Law No. 4738, signed by the governor Ney Aminthas de Barros Braga, the district was elevated to municipality emancipated, with territory taken from the municipality of Tibagy, but with the name changed again to definitely Telêmaco Borba. The county name is a tribute to Colonel Telêmaco Augusto Enéas Morosini Borba.

Geography
Hydrography
Neighbourhoods
Climate
Telêmaco Borba is classified as oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfb), on summer the temperature rises to 27°C, on winter, the temperature reaches to 18°C. The rainy season is on September to April. Frosts are really common on winter.

Tourism
Transportation
The city is served by Telêmaco Borba Airport.

Highways
PR-160: Imbaú–Telêmaco Borba and Telêmaco Borba–Curiúva
PR-340: Tibagi–Telêmaco Borba and Telêmaco Borba–Ortigueira
PR-239: Ventania–Telêmaco Borba (Lagoa)
BR-153: Tibagi–Ventania

Education
Paraná Federal Institute of Education, Science and Technology (IFPR):  Instituto Federal de Educação, Ciência e Tecnologia do Paraná: campus of Telêmaco Borba
Ponta Grossa State University (UEPG) (Pt: Universidade Estadual de Ponta Grossa): campus of Telêmaco Borba
Universidade Anhanguera (Uniderp): campus universitário of Telêmaco Borba
Faculdade de Telêmaco Borba (Fateb): campus Carlos Hugo Wolff Von Graffen

Notable people
Thiago Kosloski, footballer
Eliseu dos Santos, paralympic boccia player, Paralympic champion
Mario Romancini, racing driver

See also
Klabin
List of municipalities in Paraná

References
External links
Official homepage (in Portuguese)

Title: SPH MediaWorks
SPH MediaWorks Ltd. (Chinese: 报业传讯; pinyin: bào yè chuán xùn) was a free-to-air terrestrial television broadcaster in Singapore that operated two television channels: Channel U and Channel i, as well as two radio stations: UFM 1003 and WKRZ 91.3FM. It merged with the city-state's long-established broadcasting company, Mediacorp, in 2004.

History
Founding
On 31 March 2000, Lee Cheok Yew was appointed as the CEO of SPH MediaWorks Ltd. Man Shu Sum and some of the Mediacorp artistes joined from SPH MediaWorks the former as Chief Operating Officer of Mediacorp.
The company was founded by Singapore Press Holdings on 8 June 2000 in an investment worth $50 million, and appointed local television industry veteran Lee Cheok Yew as its CEO. The new company aimed not only at the conventional radio and television businesses, but also eyed a potential interest in the online sector. By October of the same year, the company announced that five actors and actresses: Kym Ng, Bryan Wong, Darren Lim, Wang Yuqing and Guo Liang have joined their ranks. The company set plans to launch its two channels by June 2001, aiming to attract at least 30% of Singapore's television viewers. The building that would house the new company, close to the main SPH one at Genting Lane, was ready to be finished by January 2001.
In November that same year, six actors and actresses from the company's Chinese Media and Entertainment division attended training sessions in China and Taiwan, and two journalists have joined their television news division. MediaWorks also revealed the logos of the company and its two television channels to the public. The English channel was to be named TVWorks (also styled TV Works) and the Chinese channel, Channel U. The company aimed at taking over 50% of the television advertising market. By December, the company announced that five English-speaking actors and actresses, including local comedy star Adrian Pang, have joined their ranks. For the news service, MediaWorks poached Arnold Gay and Michelle Quah from Channel NewsAsia. Early in 2001, concerns had emerged at MediaCorp that it would have started a war between both companies.
SPH MediaWorks signed a co-operation agreement with Hong Kong's TVB from June 2002, when the contract with MediaCorp expired, but there were no plans for the two to co-produce content. The agreement enabled Channel U the right to premiere new dramas from the broadcaster. A subsequent agreement was signed with the Taiwanese channel China Television for a period of two years. MediaCorp TV consequently did not renew the contract it had with TVB in order to free more time on Channel 8 for local content.
By mid-January, it had secured $2 million in sponsorship commitments, to advertise on both channels.

Preparations for launch
At the same time as the commercial launch of MediaCorp's TVMobile, SPH MediaWorks planned to launch a similar service, Channel OOH! (OOH as in Out Of Home). The service was going to be a joint operation with Captive Vision and, like TVMobile, was aimed at buses, shops and banks.
MediaWorks had the intention of buying radio stations from the NTUC in March 2001, with the creation of a joint-venture between the two, taking over Most Music (FM 91.3) and Heart FM (100.3). The tentative name of the new company was UnionWorks and the relaunch was initially set for the end of May.

Launch
SPH MediaWorks held its launch ceremony on 20 March 2001, where it was officially announced that the two channels were to start operations in May.
Ahead of the May 6 launch date, Channel U was supposed to air promos to entice viewers to tune in to the new service. The signal was supposed to be switched on in early April, but at the time, SPH MediaWorks didn't have a licence. Related to that, the company's Chinese-language magazine You-weekly failed to hit shelves. On 26 April 2001, the Singapore Broadcasting Authority announced it has issued a Nationwide Free-To-Air Television Service Licence to SPH MediaWorks. According to the terms of the license, the company will operate two channels: Channel U and TVWorks, from May that same year. With the licence granted, Singapore now had eight free-to-air television channels available, six from MediaCorp and two from SPH MediaWorks. In connection to this, Channel U and TVWorks started their campaign to raise awareness of the new services and that, with competition, the quality of local productions would increase. An estimated 95% of Singaporean households would receive the new services. You-weekly finally hit the shelves on 4 May. The campaign, The MediaWorks Big Tune-In, involved viewers earning cash prizes if they received the services.

Initial ratings
Channel U, the first of the two channels, went live on 6 May. Despite a blaze of publicity, its launch night turned out to be a ratings failure from its launch night (12%) to its second night (4.7%), whereas the main news on Channel 8 scored 16.3% and its equivalent on Channel U, 3.9%. Channel 8's vice president Khiew Voon Khang said that the ratings slide looked "like a street bump than Mount Everest".

Further ventures
On 16 May, ahead of the launch of TVWorks, its companion magazine Works Weekly launched.
In July, SPH MediaWorks set up a joint-venture with Chinese consultancy firm Jade. The company, Jade MediaWorks, was used to produce concent for the mainland Chinese terrestrial television market and both companies each held 50% of the stocks.
Ahead of the relaunch of More Music as WKRZ, SPH MediaWorks announced that it would carry at least 22 hours of syndicated MTV content per week. On 3 October 2001, SPH Radio Broadcasting Arm, a joint management between SPH Multimedia and NTUC Media was launched as SPH UnionWorks; owns, manages, and operates UFM 1003 and WKRZ 91.3FM. Both radio stations were simply re-branded and resume operations of Heart 100.3FM and More Music 91.3FM previously wholly owned by NTUC Media. More Music was given a US-style name, going under the fake callsign WKRZ, and Heart FM was renamed UFM, in a tie-in to Channel U.

Improved viewing figures, restructure
In November 2001, viewing figures cited by Singapore Press Holdings show Channel U as the second most watched television station in Singapore, That same year, 73 employees were laid off from MediaWorks, due to a restructuring exercise at TVWorks, as well as a weak advertising market.

Renaming
On 3 March 2002, SPH MediaWorks TVWorks was renamed SPH MediaWorks Channel i. In May, the ratings of its two channels were rising, whereas those of MediaCorp were on the decline.

Leadership changes
Lee resigned as CEO of SPH MediaWorks on 1 April 2003 over "serious internal differences".
SPH became the sole owner of MediaWorks effective 25 April 2003, buying shares from Mr. Lee Cheok Yew, Mr. Cheng Shoong Tat, Mr. Ang Wee Chye and Mr. Man Shu Sum for $1.24 million. The rise of both channels' ratings increased by May 2003, attracting 33.2% of the total FTA audience.

Explicit language controversy
WKRZ 91.3 was probed for including explicit language in an edition of The Morning Show on 27 July 2003. The fine, worth $15,000, involved a woman simulating an orgasm. Sex scenes were, then as now, not allowed on Singaporean media, in an attempt to prevent tensions between ethnic groups.

Merger of television business with Mediacorp
On 17 September 2004, SPH MediaWorks announced an agreement under which it would divest its television channels to Mediacorp. SPH would take a 20% stake in a new holding company, Mediacorp TV Holdings, which would consist of Channel 5, Channel 8, Channel i (subject to a review of its viability), Channel U, and TVMobile. SPH would also take a 40% stake in Mediacorp's free newspaper Today (with SPH winding down its competing Streats). The transaction was completed on 31 December 2004. Channel U was transferred to Mediacorp at this time, becoming a sister to its now-former competitor Channel 8 the next day. Channel i was shut down, as it was not considered viable in Singapore's small FTA television market.
On 25 August 2017, SPH announced that it would divest its shares from Mediacorp, which are 20 percent in Mediacorp TV and 40 percent in Mediacorp Press in a move to focus on its core media businesses. Mediacorp would thus acquire these stakes for S$18 million, resulting in both companies being full subsidiaries of Mediacorp when completed. This came after Mediacorp announced that it would end print publication of Today and shift it to a digital-only publication. The digitalisation of Today would result in 40 roles being made redundant. In addition, Mediacorp agreed not to publish any soft copy or digital format of Today similar to a hardcopy newspaper for five years. The acquisition of SPH's stakes was completed on 29 September 2017.

Awards and charitable activity
At the 2002 Promax BDA Awards, SPH MediaWorks bagged a record four gold, six silver and one bronze awards, and was touted "Asia's Most Awarded TV Station", a first for a Singaporean group.
On 4 December 2002, MediaWorks won the "Broadcaster of the Year" award at the 2002 Asia Television Awards. Channel U also bagged the "Channel of the Year" award. Despite the wins, there were concerns from MediaWorks about potential attacks from MediaCorp.
At the 2001 Asian Television Awards, SPH MediaWorks only won one award, with Channel U's The Big Challenge earning the Best Entertainment Programme award. In January 2002, SPH MediaWorks barely managed to gain spots in the English and Chinese top tens. None of TVWorks' content reached the English ranking and in the Chinese ranking, only one programme from Channel U, A Kindred Spirit, reached sixth place (week from 13-19 January).
Channel i News won the "Best News Programme" award at the Asian Television Awards on 4 December 2003.
In January 2003, Channel U organised a charity show, Ren Ci Charity Show, in support of Ren Ci Hospital, shortly after being named the Broadcaster of the Year. The charity show featured SPH MediaWorks artistes and guest performers with entertainment and physical endurance segments to encourage the public to donate to the hospital. Channel 8 moved the PSC Nite Special to the night of the show, an hour ahead of its start, causing confusion and opposite arguments between the two broadcasters. The charity raised $4.76 million, almost the double of the initially intended target of $2.5 million. A Lianhe Zaobao editorial on 17 January revealed that MediaCorp disclosed its donation to the charity and denied its anonymity, over the broadcast of advertisements for Ren Ci Hospital during PSC Nite Special, airing at the same time as the competing telethon.

Channels
Channel U
This was the second Mandarin television channel in Singapore (after channel 8), which became integrated with Mediacorp's management on 1 January 2005.

Channel i
This was the second English television channel in Singapore. It ceased operations on 1 January 2005 when SPH Mediaworks and Mediacorp merged.

See also
Broadcasting in Singapore
Mediacorp
Singapore Press Holdings


== References ==

Title: Santeuil, Eure-et-Loir
Santeuil (French pronunciation: [sɑ̃tœj] ) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.

Population
See also
Communes of the Eure-et-Loir department


== References ==

Title: Quark
A quark () is a type of elementary particle and a fundamental constituent of matter. Quarks combine to form composite particles called hadrons, the most stable of which are protons and neutrons, the components of atomic nuclei. All commonly observable matter is composed of up quarks, down quarks and electrons. Owing to a phenomenon known as color confinement, quarks are never found in isolation; they can be found only within hadrons, which include baryons (such as protons and neutrons) and mesons, or in quark–gluon plasmas. For this reason, much of what is known about quarks has been drawn from observations of hadrons.
Quarks have various intrinsic properties, including electric charge, mass, color charge, and spin. They are the only elementary particles in the Standard Model of particle physics to experience all four fundamental interactions, also known as fundamental forces (electromagnetism, gravitation, strong interaction, and weak interaction), as well as the only known particles whose electric charges are not integer multiples of the elementary charge.
There are six types, known as flavors, of quarks: up, down, charm, strange, top, and bottom. Up and down quarks have the lowest masses of all quarks. The heavier quarks rapidly change into up and down quarks through a process of particle decay: the transformation from a higher mass state to a lower mass state. Because of this, up and down quarks are generally stable and the most common in the universe, whereas strange, charm, bottom, and top quarks can only be produced in high energy collisions (such as those involving cosmic rays and in particle accelerators). For every quark flavor there is a corresponding type of antiparticle, known as an antiquark, that differs from the quark only in that some of its properties (such as the electric charge) have equal magnitude but opposite sign.
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964. Quarks were introduced as parts of an ordering scheme for hadrons, and there was little evidence for their physical existence until deep inelastic scattering experiments at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in 1968. Accelerator program experiments have provided evidence for all six flavors. The top quark, first observed at Fermilab in 1995, was the last to be discovered.

Classification
The Standard Model is the theoretical framework describing all the known elementary particles. This model contains six flavors of quarks (q), named up (u), down (d), strange (s), charm (c), bottom (b), and top (t). Antiparticles of quarks are called antiquarks, and are denoted by a bar over the symbol for the corresponding quark, such as u for an up antiquark. As with antimatter in general, antiquarks have the same mass, mean lifetime, and spin as their respective quarks, but the electric charge and other charges have the opposite sign.
Quarks are spin-⁠1/2⁠ particles, which means they are fermions according to the spin–statistics theorem. They are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle, which states that no two identical fermions can simultaneously occupy the same quantum state. This is in contrast to bosons (particles with integer spin), of which any number can be in the same state. Unlike leptons, quarks possess color charge, which causes them to engage in the strong interaction. The resulting attraction between different quarks causes the formation of composite particles known as hadrons (see § Strong interaction and color charge below).
The quarks that determine the quantum numbers of hadrons are called valence quarks; apart from these, any hadron may contain an indefinite number of virtual "sea" quarks, antiquarks, and gluons, which do not influence its quantum numbers. There are two families of hadrons: baryons, with three valence quarks, and mesons, with a valence quark and an antiquark. The most common baryons are the proton and the neutron, the building blocks of the atomic nucleus. A great number of hadrons are known (see list of baryons and list of mesons), most of them differentiated by their quark content and the properties these constituent quarks confer. The existence of "exotic" hadrons with more valence quarks, such as tetraquarks (qqqq) and pentaquarks (qqqqq), was conjectured from the beginnings of the quark model but not discovered until the early 21st century.
Elementary fermions are grouped into three generations, each comprising two leptons and two quarks. The first generation includes up and down quarks, the second strange and charm quarks, and the third bottom and top quarks. All searches for a fourth generation of quarks and other elementary fermions have failed, and there is strong indirect evidence that no more than three generations exist. Particles in higher generations generally have greater mass and less stability, causing them to decay into lower-generation particles by means of weak interactions. Only first-generation (up and down) quarks occur commonly in nature. Heavier quarks can only be created in high-energy collisions (such as in those involving cosmic rays), and decay quickly; however, they are thought to have been present during the first fractions of a second after the Big Bang, when the universe was in an extremely hot and dense phase (the quark epoch). Studies of heavier quarks are conducted in artificially created conditions, such as in particle accelerators.
Having electric charge, mass, color charge, and flavor, quarks are the only known elementary particles that engage in all four fundamental interactions of contemporary physics: electromagnetism, gravitation, strong interaction, and weak interaction. Gravitation is too weak to be relevant to individual particle interactions except at extremes of energy (Planck energy) and distance scales (Planck distance). However, since no successful quantum theory of gravity exists, gravitation is not described by the Standard Model.
See the table of properties below for a more complete overview of the six quark flavors' properties.

History
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964. The proposal came shortly after Gell-Mann's 1961 formulation of a particle classification system known as the Eightfold Way – or, in more technical terms, SU(3) flavor symmetry, streamlining its structure. Physicist Yuval Ne'eman had independently developed a scheme similar to the Eightfold Way in the same year. An early attempt at constituent organization was available in the Sakata model.
At the time of the quark theory's inception, the "particle zoo" included a multitude of hadrons, among other particles. Gell-Mann and Zweig posited that they were not elementary particles, but were instead composed of combinations of quarks and antiquarks. Their model involved three flavors of quarks, up, down, and strange, to which they ascribed properties such as spin and electric charge. The initial reaction of the physics community to the proposal was mixed. There was particular contention about whether the quark was a physical entity or a mere abstraction used to explain concepts that were not fully understood at the time.
In less than a year, extensions to the Gell-Mann–Zweig model were proposed. Sheldon Glashow and James Bjorken predicted the existence of a fourth flavor of quark, which they called charm. The addition was proposed because it allowed for a better description of the weak interaction (the mechanism that allows quarks to decay), equalized the number of known quarks with the number of known leptons, and implied a mass formula that correctly reproduced the masses of the known mesons.
Deep inelastic scattering experiments conducted in 1968 at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) and published on October 20, 1969, showed that the proton contained much smaller, point-like objects and was therefore not an elementary particle. Physicists were reluctant to firmly identify these objects with quarks at the time, instead calling them "partons" – a term coined by Richard Feynman. The objects that were observed at SLAC would later be identified as up and down quarks as the other flavors were discovered. Nevertheless, "parton" remains in use as a collective term for the constituents of hadrons (quarks, antiquarks, and gluons). Richard Taylor, Henry Kendall and Jerome Friedman received the 1990 Nobel Prize in physics for their work at SLAC.

The strange quark's existence was indirectly validated by SLAC's scattering experiments: not only was it a necessary component of Gell-Mann and Zweig's three-quark model, but it provided an explanation for the kaon (K) and pion (π) hadrons discovered in cosmic rays in 1947.
In a 1970 paper, Glashow, John Iliopoulos and Luciano Maiani presented the GIM mechanism (named from their initials) to explain the experimental non-observation of flavor-changing neutral currents. This theoretical model required the existence of the as-yet undiscovered charm quark. The number of supposed quark flavors grew to the current six in 1973, when Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa noted that the experimental observation of CP violation could be explained if there were another pair of quarks.
Charm quarks were produced almost simultaneously by two teams in November 1974 (see November Revolution) – one at SLAC under Burton Richter, and one at Brookhaven National Laboratory under Samuel Ting. The charm quarks were observed bound with charm antiquarks in mesons. The two parties had assigned the discovered meson two different symbols, J and ψ; thus, it became formally known as the J/ψ meson. The discovery finally convinced the physics community of the quark model's validity.
In the following years a number of suggestions appeared for extending the quark model to six quarks. Of these, the 1975 paper by Haim Harari was the first to coin the terms top and bottom for the additional quarks.
In 1977, the bottom quark was observed by a team at Fermilab led by Leon Lederman. This was a strong indicator of the top quark's existence: without the top quark, the bottom quark would have been without a partner. It was not until 1995 that the top quark was finally observed, also by the CDF and DØ teams at Fermilab. It had a mass much larger than expected, almost as large as that of a gold atom.

Etymology
For some time, Gell-Mann was undecided on an actual spelling for the term he intended to coin, until he found the word quark in James Joyce's 1939 book Finnegans Wake:

The word quark is an outdated English word meaning to croak and the above-quoted lines are about a bird choir mocking king Mark of Cornwall in the legend of Tristan and Iseult. Especially in the German-speaking parts of the world there is a widespread legend, however, that Joyce had taken it from the word Quark, a German word of Slavic origin which denotes a curd cheese, but is also a colloquial term for "trivial nonsense". In the legend it is said that he had heard it on a journey to Germany at a farmers' market in Freiburg.
Some authors, however, defend a possible German origin of Joyce's word quark. Gell-Mann went into further detail regarding the name of the quark in his 1994 book The Quark and the Jaguar:

In 1963, when I assigned the name "quark" to the fundamental constituents of the nucleon, I had the sound first, without the spelling, which could have been "kwork". Then, in one of my occasional perusals of Finnegans Wake, by James Joyce, I came across the word "quark" in the phrase "Three quarks for Muster Mark". Since "quark" (meaning, for one thing, the cry of the gull) was clearly intended to rhyme with "Mark", as well as "bark" and other such words, I had to find an excuse to pronounce it as "kwork". But the book represents the dream of a publican named Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker. Words in the text are typically drawn from several sources at once, like the "portmanteau" words in Through the Looking-Glass. From time to time, phrases occur in the book that are partially determined by calls for drinks at the bar. I argued, therefore, that perhaps one of the multiple sources of the cry "Three quarks for Muster Mark" might be "Three quarts for Mister Mark", in which case the pronunciation "kwork" would not be totally unjustified. In any case, the number three fitted perfectly the way quarks occur in nature.
Zweig preferred the name ace for the particle he had theorized, but Gell-Mann's terminology came to prominence once the quark model had been commonly accepted.
The quark flavors were given their names for several reasons. The up and down quarks are named after the up and down components of isospin, which they carry. Strange quarks were given their name because they were discovered to be components of the strange particles discovered in cosmic rays years before the quark model was proposed; these particles were deemed "strange" because they had unusually long lifetimes. Glashow, who co-proposed the charm quark with Bjorken, is quoted as saying, "We called our construct the 'charmed quark', for we were fascinated and pleased by the symmetry it brought to the subnuclear world." The names "bottom" and "top", coined by Harari, were chosen because they are "logical partners for up and down quarks". Alternative names for bottom and top quarks are "beauty" and "truth" respectively, but these names have somewhat fallen out of use. While "truth" never did catch on, accelerator complexes devoted to massive production of bottom quarks are sometimes called "beauty factories".

Properties
Electric charge
Quarks have fractional electric charge values – either (−⁠1/3⁠) or (+⁠2/3⁠) times the elementary charge (e), depending on flavor. Up, charm, and top quarks (collectively referred to as up-type quarks) have a charge of +⁠2/3⁠ e; down, strange, and bottom quarks (down-type quarks) have a charge of −⁠1/3⁠ e. Antiquarks have the opposite charge to their corresponding quarks; up-type antiquarks have charges of −⁠2/3⁠ e and down-type antiquarks have charges of +⁠1/3⁠ e. Since the electric charge of a hadron is the sum of the charges of the constituent quarks, all hadrons have integer charges: the combination of three quarks (baryons), three antiquarks (antibaryons), or a quark and an antiquark (mesons) always results in integer charges. For example, the hadron constituents of atomic nuclei, neutrons and protons, have charges of 0 e and +1 e respectively; the neutron is composed of two down quarks and one up quark, and the proton of two up quarks and one down quark.

Spin
Spin is an intrinsic property of elementary particles, and its direction is an important degree of freedom. It is sometimes visualized as the rotation of an object around its own axis (hence the name "spin"), though this notion is somewhat misguided at subatomic scales because elementary particles are believed to be point-like.
Spin can be represented by a vector whose length is measured in units of the reduced Planck constant ħ (pronounced "h bar"). For quarks, a measurement of the spin vector component along any axis can only yield the values +⁠ħ/2⁠ or −⁠ħ/2⁠; for this reason quarks are classified as spin-⁠1/2⁠ particles. The component of spin along a given axis – by convention the z axis – is often denoted by an up arrow ↑ for the value +⁠1/2⁠ and down arrow ↓ for the value −⁠1/2⁠, placed after the symbol for flavor. For example, an up quark with a spin of +⁠1/2⁠ along the z axis is denoted by u↑.

Weak interaction
A quark of one flavor can transform into a quark of another flavor only through the weak interaction, one of the four fundamental interactions in particle physics. By absorbing or emitting a W boson, any up-type quark (up, charm, and top quarks) can change into any down-type quark (down, strange, and bottom quarks) and vice versa. This flavor transformation mechanism causes the radioactive process of beta decay, in which a neutron (n) "splits" into a proton (p), an electron (e−) and an electron antineutrino (νe) (see picture). This occurs when one of the down quarks in the neutron (udd) decays into an up quark by emitting a virtual W− boson, transforming the neutron into a proton (uud). The W− boson then decays into an electron and an electron antineutrino.

Both beta decay and the inverse process of inverse beta decay are routinely used in medical applications such as positron emission tomography (PET) and in experiments involving neutrino detection.

While the process of flavor transformation is the same for all quarks, each quark has a preference to transform into the quark of its own generation. The relative tendencies of all flavor transformations are described by a mathematical table, called the Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa matrix (CKM matrix). Enforcing unitarity, the approximate magnitudes of the entries of the CKM matrix are:

  
    
      
        
          
            [
            
              
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        u
                        d
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        u
                        s
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        u
                        b
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
              
              
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        c
                        d
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        c
                        s
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        c
                        b
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
              
              
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        t
                        d
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        t
                        s
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
                
                  
                    |
                  
                  
                    V
                    
                      
                        t
                        b
                      
                    
                  
                  
                    |
                  
                
              
            
            ]
          
        
        ≈
        
          
            [
            
              
                
                  0.974
                
                
                  0.225
                
                
                  0.003
                
              
              
                
                  0.225
                
                
                  0.973
                
                
                  0.041
                
              
              
                
                  0.009
                
                
                  0.040
                
                
                  0.999
                
              
            
            ]
          
        
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\begin{bmatrix}|V_{\mathrm {ud} }|&|V_{\mathrm {us} }|&|V_{\mathrm {ub} }|\\|V_{\mathrm {cd} }|&|V_{\mathrm {cs} }|&|V_{\mathrm {cb} }|\\|V_{\mathrm {td} }|&|V_{\mathrm {ts} }|&|V_{\mathrm {tb} }|\end{bmatrix}}\approx {\begin{bmatrix}0.974&0.225&0.003\\0.225&0.973&0.041\\0.009&0.040&0.999\end{bmatrix}},}
  

where Vij represents the tendency of a quark of flavor i to change into a quark of flavor j (or vice versa).
There exists an equivalent weak interaction matrix for leptons (right side of the W boson on the above beta decay diagram), called the Pontecorvo–Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata matrix (PMNS matrix). Together, the CKM and PMNS matrices describe all flavor transformations, but the links between the two are not yet clear.

Strong interaction and color charge
According to quantum chromodynamics (QCD), quarks possess a property called color charge. There are three types of color charge, arbitrarily labeled blue, green, and red. Each of them is complemented by an anticolor – antiblue, antigreen, and antired. Every quark carries a color, while every antiquark carries an anticolor.
The system of attraction and repulsion between quarks charged with different combinations of the three colors is called strong interaction, which is mediated by force carrying particles known as gluons; this is discussed at length below. The theory that describes strong interactions is called quantum chromodynamics (QCD). A quark, which will have a single color value, can form a bound system with an antiquark carrying the corresponding anticolor. The result of two attracting quarks will be color neutrality: a quark with color charge ξ plus an antiquark with color charge −ξ will result in a color charge of 0 (or "white" color) and the formation of a meson. This is analogous to the additive color model in basic optics. Similarly, the combination of three quarks, each with different color charges, or three antiquarks, each with different anticolor charges, will result in the same "white" color charge and the formation of a baryon or antibaryon.
In modern particle physics, gauge symmetries – a kind of symmetry group – relate interactions between particles (see gauge theories). Color SU(3) (commonly abbreviated to SU(3)c) is the gauge symmetry that relates the color charge in quarks and is the defining symmetry for quantum chromodynamics. Just as the laws of physics are independent of which directions in space are designated x, y, and z, and remain unchanged if the coordinate axes are rotated to a new orientation, the physics of quantum chromodynamics is independent of which directions in three-dimensional color space are identified as blue, red, and green. SU(3)c color transformations correspond to "rotations" in color space (which, mathematically speaking, is a complex space). Every quark flavor f, each with subtypes fB, fG, fR corresponding to the quark colors, forms a triplet: a three-component quantum field that transforms under the fundamental representation of SU(3)c. The requirement that SU(3)c should be local – that is, that its transformations be allowed to vary with space and time – determines the properties of the strong interaction. In particular, it implies the existence of eight gluon types to act as its force carriers.

Mass
Two terms are used in referring to a quark's mass: current quark mass refers to the mass of a quark by itself, while constituent quark mass refers to the current quark mass plus the mass of the gluon particle field surrounding the quark. These masses typically have very different values. Most of a hadron's mass comes from the gluons that bind the constituent quarks together, rather than from the quarks themselves. While gluons are inherently massless, they possess energy – more specifically, quantum chromodynamics binding energy (QCBE) – and it is this that contributes so greatly to the overall mass of the hadron (see mass in special relativity). For example, a proton has a mass of approximately 938 MeV/c2, of which the rest mass of its three valence quarks only contributes about 9 MeV/c2; much of the remainder can be attributed to the field energy of the gluons (see chiral symmetry breaking). The Standard Model posits that elementary particles derive their masses from the Higgs mechanism, which is associated to the Higgs boson. It is hoped that further research into the reasons for the top quark's large mass of ~173 GeV/c2, almost the mass of a gold atom, might reveal more about the origin of the mass of quarks and other elementary particles.

Size
In QCD, quarks are considered to be point-like entities, with zero size. As of 2014, experimental evidence indicates they are no bigger than 10−4 times the size of a proton, i.e. less than 10−19 metres.

Table of properties
The following table summarizes the key properties of the six quarks. Flavor quantum numbers (isospin (I3), charm (C), strangeness (S, not to be confused with spin), topness (T), and bottomness (B′)) are assigned to certain quark flavors, and denote qualities of quark-based systems and hadrons. The baryon number (B) is +⁠1/3⁠ for all quarks, as baryons are made of three quarks. For antiquarks, the electric charge (Q) and all flavor quantum numbers (B, I3, C, S, T, and B′) are of opposite sign. Mass and total angular momentum (J; equal to spin for point particles) do not change sign for the antiquarks.

Interacting quarks
As described by quantum chromodynamics, the strong interaction between quarks is mediated by gluons, massless vector gauge bosons. Each gluon carries one color charge and one anticolor charge. In the standard framework of particle interactions (part of a more general formulation known as perturbation theory), gluons are constantly exchanged between quarks through a virtual emission and absorption process. When a gluon is transferred between quarks, a color change occurs in both; for example, if a red quark emits a red–antigreen gluon, it becomes green, and if a green quark absorbs a red–antigreen gluon, it becomes red. Therefore, while each quark's color constantly changes, their strong interaction is preserved.
Since gluons carry color charge, they themselves are able to emit and absorb other gluons. This causes asymptotic freedom: as quarks come closer to each other, the chromodynamic binding force between them weakens. Conversely, as the distance between quarks increases, the binding force strengthens. The color field becomes stressed, much as an elastic band is stressed when stretched, and more gluons of appropriate color are spontaneously created to strengthen the field. Above a certain energy threshold, pairs of quarks and antiquarks are created. These pairs bind with the quarks being separated, causing new hadrons to form. This phenomenon is known as color confinement: quarks never appear in isolation. This process of hadronization occurs before quarks formed in a high energy collision are able to interact in any other way. The only exception is the top quark, which may decay before it hadronizes.

Sea quarks
Hadrons contain, along with the valence quarks (qv) that contribute to their quantum numbers, virtual quark–antiquark (qq) pairs known as sea quarks (qs). Sea quarks form when a gluon of the hadron's color field splits; this process also works in reverse in that the annihilation of two sea quarks produces a gluon. The result is a constant flux of gluon splits and creations colloquially known as "the sea". Sea quarks are much less stable than their valence counterparts, and they typically annihilate each other within the interior of the hadron. Despite this, sea quarks can hadronize into baryonic or mesonic particles under certain circumstances.

Other phases of quark matter
Under sufficiently extreme conditions, quarks may become "deconfined" out of bound states and propagate as thermalized "free" excitations in the larger medium. In the course of asymptotic freedom, the strong interaction becomes weaker at increasing temperatures. Eventually, color confinement would be effectively lost in an extremely hot plasma of freely moving quarks and gluons. This theoretical phase of matter is called quark–gluon plasma.
The exact conditions needed to give rise to this state are unknown and have been the subject of a great deal of speculation and experimentation. An estimate puts the needed temperature at (1.90±0.02)×1012 kelvin. While a state of entirely free quarks and gluons has never been achieved (despite numerous attempts by CERN in the 1980s and 1990s), recent experiments at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider have yielded evidence for liquid-like quark matter exhibiting "nearly perfect" fluid motion.
The quark–gluon plasma would be characterized by a great increase in the number of heavier quark pairs in relation to the number of up and down quark pairs. It is believed that in the period prior to 10−6 seconds after the Big Bang (the quark epoch), the universe was filled with quark–gluon plasma, as the temperature was too high for hadrons to be stable.
Given sufficiently high baryon densities and relatively low temperatures – possibly comparable to those found in neutron stars – quark matter is expected to degenerate into a Fermi liquid of weakly interacting quarks. This liquid would be characterized by a condensation of colored quark Cooper pairs, thereby breaking the local SU(3)c symmetry. Because quark Cooper pairs harbor color charge, such a phase of quark matter would be color superconductive; that is, color charge would be able to pass through it with no resistance.

See also
Explanatory notes
References
Further reading
A. Ali; G. Kramer (2011). "JETS and QCD: A Historical Review of the Discovery of the Quark and Gluon Jets and Its Impact on QCD". European Physical Journal H. 36 (2): 245. arXiv:1012.2288. Bibcode:2011EPJH...36..245A. doi:10.1140/epjh/e2011-10047-1. S2CID 54062126.
R. Bowley; E. Copeland. "Quarks". Sixty Symbols. Brady Haran for the University of Nottingham.
D. J. Griffiths (2008). Introduction to Elementary Particles (2nd ed.). Wiley–VCH. ISBN 978-3-527-40601-2.
I. S. Hughes (1985). Elementary Particles (2nd ed.). Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-26092-3.
R. Oerter (2005). The Theory of Almost Everything: The Standard Model, the Unsung Triumph of Modern Physics. Pi Press. ISBN 978-0-13-236678-6.
A. Pickering (1984). Constructing Quarks: A Sociological History of Particle Physics. The University of Chicago Press. ISBN 978-0-226-66799-7.
B. Povh (1995). Particles and Nuclei: An Introduction to the Physical Concepts. Springer-Verlag. ISBN 978-0-387-59439-2.
M. Riordan (1987). The Hunting of the Quark: A True Story of Modern Physics. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 978-0-671-64884-8.
B. A. Schumm (2004). Deep Down Things: The Breathtaking Beauty of Particle Physics. Johns Hopkins University Press. ISBN 978-0-8018-7971-5.

External links

1969 Physics Nobel Prize lecture by Murray Gell-Mann
1976 Physics Nobel Prize lecture by Burton Richter
1976 Physics Nobel Prize lecture by Samuel C.C. Ting
2008 Physics Nobel Prize lecture by Makoto Kobayashi
2008 Physics Nobel Prize lecture by Toshihide Maskawa
The Top Quark And The Higgs Particle by T.A. Heppenheimer – A description of CERN's experiment to count the families of quarks.
Think Big website, Quarks and Gluons
Think Big website, Quarks 2019

Title: Plane, Tuzla
Plane is a village in the municipality of Tuzla, Tuzla Canton, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 736.


== References ==

Title: Bordoloi
Bordoloi is one of the Hindu surnames used among the Assamese Brahmins, Kalitas, Tiwas, Chutias of Assam. Notable people with the surname include:

Gopinath Bordoloi, Indian politician
Lachit Bordoloi, Indian writer
Nirmal Prabha Bordoloi, Indian poet
Nishanta Bordoloi, Indian cricketer
Padmanav Bordoloi, Indian musician
Pradyut Bordoloi, Indian politician
Rajanikanta Bordoloi, Indian writer
Robin Bordoloi, Indian politician
Dr. Prasanna Kumar Bordoloi,Indian Doctor

See also
Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport
Bordoloi Trophy

Notes


== References ==

Title: Carbon nanofoam
Carbon nanofoam is an allotrope of carbon discovered in 1997 by Andrei V. Rode and co-workers at the Australian National University in Canberra. It consists of a cluster-assembly of carbon atoms strung together in a loose three-dimensional web. The fractal-like bond structure consists of sp2 graphite-like clusters connected by sp3 bonds. The sp3 bonds are located mostly on the surface of the structure and make up 15% to 45% of the material, making its framework similar to diamond-like carbon films. The material is remarkably light, with a density of 2-10 x 10−3 g/cm3 (0.0012 lb/ft3) and is similar to an aerogel. Other remarkable physical properties include the large surface area of 300–400 m2/g (similar to zeolites). 1 US gallon (3.8 L; 0.83 imp gal) of nanofoam weighs about 0.25 ounces (7.1 g).
Each cluster is about 6 nanometers wide and consists of about 4000 carbon atoms linked in graphite-like sheets that are given negative curvature by the inclusion of heptagons among the regular hexagonal pattern. This is the opposite of what happens in the case of buckminsterfullerenes in which carbon sheets are given positive curvature by the inclusion of pentagons.
The large-scale structure of carbon nanofoam is similar to that of an aerogel, but with 1% of the density of previously produced carbon aerogels—or only a few times the density of air at sea level. Unlike carbon aerogels, carbon nanofoam is a poor electrical conductor. The nanofoam contains numerous unpaired electrons, which Rode and colleagues propose is due to carbon atoms with only three bonds that are found at topological and bonding defects. This gives rise to what is perhaps carbon nanofoam's most unusual feature: it is attracted to magnets, and below −183 °C can itself be made magnetic.
Carbon nanofoam is the only form of pure carbon known to be ferromagnetic which is unusual for a carbon allotrope. Ferromagnetism is an intrinsic property observed in the carbon nanofoam and may be accounted for by its complex structure. Impurities in the material are excluded as the source of magnetism as they are not sufficient for the strong magnetization observed.  Researchers postulate that embedded carbon atoms with unpaired electrons carry enough of a magnetic moment to lead to strong magnetization. The sheet curvature localizes unpaired electrons by breaking up the π-electron clouds and sterically protects the electrons which normally would be too reactive to persist. The ferromagnetism of the carbon nanofoam is sensitive to time and temperature. Some magnetism is lost within the first few hours of synthesis, however most of it is persistent. Carbon nanofoam may have some application in spintronic devices which exploits electron spin as a further degree of freedom.
Carbon nanofoam may be suitable for hydrogen storage due to its low density and high surface area. Preliminary experimentation has shown that hydrogen can be stored in the nanofoam at room temperature in a reversible process.

Synthesis
Carbon nanofoam clusters can be synthesized through high-repetition-rate laser ablation in inert gases such as argon. Short (fs), low-energy (μJ) pulses delivered at high rates of repetition (10 kHz – 100 MHz) generate carbon vapors for deposition. Ambient gas is heated from room temperature with the atomized carbon which leads to an increase in the partial density of the carbon in the chamber. In optimal conditions, the inert gas does not cool down but maintains its high temperature between cycles of formation. Subsequent cycles in the chamber are carried out at temperatures above the formation threshold temperature initiating sp2 bonding. The increase in density and temperature promotes favorable conditions for the formation of carbonaceous clusters. The rate of consumption exceeds the rate of evaporation by laser ablation and thus the formation is in a non-equilibrium state.

See also
Truncated order-7 triangular tiling


== References ==

Title: Ecofly M160
The Ecofly M160 is a German aircraft engine, adapted by Otto Funk from a Smart Car engine and produced by Ecofly of Böhl-Iggelheim for use in ultralight aircraft.

Design and development
Funk adapted the engine starting in 2001, with the cooperation of Daimler Chrysler. Mercedes-Benz and its Smart Car division provided assistance with adapting the engine control unit. The initial installation was in a flying school B&F Fk9 and this later resulted in a production model of the Fk9, called the Fk9 Smart.
The engine is a three-cylinder, in-line, turbocharged, four-stroke, 698 cc (42.6 cu in) displacement, liquid-cooled, automotive conversion gasoline engine design, with a toothed poly V belt reduction drive. It produces 100 hp (75 kW) at 5600 rpm, with a compression ratio of 9.5:1.

Applications
B&F Fk9

Specifications (M160)
Data from Tacke

General characteristics
Type: Three-cylinder, four stroke, turbocharged gasoline aircraft engine
Bore: 68 mm (2.7 in)
Stroke: 66 mm (2.6 in)
Displacement: 698 cc (42.6 cu in)
Dry weight: 57 kg (125.7 lb)

Components
Fuel type: gasoline
Cooling system: liquid
Reduction gear: toothed poly V belt
turbocharger

Performance
Power output: 100 hp (75 kW)
Compression ratio: 9.5:1

See also
Related lists

List of aircraft engines

References
External links
Official website
Official engine manual

Title: 2011 Sri Lanka Kfir mid-air collision
On 01 March 2011, two IAI Kfirs belonging to the No. 10 Squadron at SLAF Katunayake, collided near Yakkala, Gampaha approximately 19 kilometres (11.8 mi) south-east of SLAF Katunayake, during a formation fight rehearsal.

The incident
The two Kfirs from No. 10 Squadron were conducting final rehearsals for the flypast scheduled for the next day, as part of the SLAF's 60th-anniversary celebrations, with their routine involving a low-flying circuit over the SLAF base at Ratmalana before returning to Katunayake on 01 March 2011, when they collided at 9.30 am (local time). The incident took place roughly 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) off Yakkala.
Both pilots ejected from their aircraft. Squadron Leader Jayakody's parachute deployed successfully, allowing him to land safely in a paddy field. However, Flight Lieutenant Perera's parachute failed to open, and he tragically succumbed to injuries upon impacting a coconut tree.


== References ==

Title: Tsudao Gurirab
Tsudao Immanuel Gurirab (born 2 January 1961) is a Namibian politician. A member of Congress of Democrats (CoD), Gurirab was previously a member of the ruling South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) until he alongside Ben Ulenga, Ignatius Shixwameni and others left SWAPO to form CoD in 1999. He was also a member of the Pan-African Parliament and the only non-SWAPO member selected from Namibia. In 2007, Gurirab was elected chairperson of the party.

Education
Gurirab went into exile with SWAPO and earned a diploma from the United Nations Institute for Namibia in Lusaka, Zambia in 1982, B.A. in economics from the University of Sussex in 1984 and a M.A. in Development Studies from the University of Manchester in 1986. In 2002, Gurirab earned a M.A. in Public Policy and Administration from the University of Namibia/Institute of Social Sciences in The Hague, Netherlands.

Political career
Gurirab joined the SWAPO Department of Economic Affairs as a researcher in Luanda, Angola from 1987 to 1988. Following the end of the Namibian War of Independence, Gurirab worked on the editorial board of the SWAPO newspaper Namibia Today as well as on the party's election team in 1989. From independence in 1990 until 1995, the Usakos native was the permanent secretary in the Ministry of Trade and Industry when Ben Amathila was Minister. He left politics in 1995 and worked as a private economist. Gurirab joined some prominent SWAPO figures and joined CoD in 1999. In the 1999 election, the new party earned 7 out of 72 seats, tying it with the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance (DTA) for second most seats in the National Assembly of Namibia and a seat for Gurirab. Gurirab maintained that seat in the 2004 election as number three on CoD's electoral list for the Assembly, despite a net loss of two seats for CoD. Gurirab was not re-elected in the 2009 general election, as only CoD leader Ben Ulenga was re-elected.

Business
Gurirab, an economist by training, is the director of Tulajo Financial Holdings, a financial services company. He also owns 17,118 preference shares and 25,033 ordinary shares in First National Bank Holdings.


== References ==

Title: Sangu Chakkaram
Sangu Chakkaram   (transl. Chunk wheel) is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language fantasy comedy film directed by Maarison, starring stunt master Dhilip Subbarayan, Punnagai Poo Gheetha, N.Raja, Pradeep, Jeremy Roske, Nishesh, Monicka, Swaksha, Abinethra,  Krithik, Adharrsh, Bala, Aditya, Tejo, and Ajeesh. The film was dubbed into Hindi as Mahal Ke Andar.

Cast
Production
Sangu Chakkaram is a fantasy-comedy film made with kids.

Release
The film is planned to release in the first week of July 2017 however it got released in December 2017. The satellites rights of the film were sold to Sun TV

Critical reception
The Times of India wrote "Given that the horror-comedy wave is now at its ebb, Sanguchakkaram feels late by at least two-three years. It doesn't help that Maarison deals mostly with cliches to tell us his story." New Indian Express wrote "Sangu Chakkaram offers nothing radical in terms of story, but there are certain redemptive moments".

References
External links
Sangu Chakkaram at IMDb

Title: Ishan Morris
Ishan Morris, also known by his stage name iSH, is a Canadian actor and singer. In his acting roles he is also credited at times as Ish Morris.

Acting career
After graduation, Morris launched an acting career where he started appearing in commercials, films, and TV shows. He starred in the television series "Soul" alongside Keshia Chanté. He also landed a recurring role in The Family Channel's series "Baxter" and had a role in Saw 3D.

Musical career
The first single that Morris released, "Falling in Love With You", made it to the top 40 on Canadian radio and mediabase charts. He released the mixtape The Name is iSH, accompanied by his single "Priceless" off his debut album The First Impression, on Northern Heights Records. A music video was also released for "Priceless", directed by Grandson and Son and shot in the Cayman Islands.
Morris has worked with artists such as Cory Lee, Robyn, and La Roux. In 2013, he released the single "Rollin'" featuring Stef Lang. After that success, he was featured in Cody Simpsons hit "Pretty Brown Eyes". In 2014 "Light Up", featuring Daniel Richter the lead singer of Eleven Past One. was included in iSH's EP Up & Up on Warner Music Canada. He is also featured on the Faber Drive single, "Candy Store".

Discography
Albums
2011: The First Impression [Northern Heights Records]
Track list:

Mixtapes
2010: The Name Is iSH
Track list

2012: (THR3MIX) [1]
Track list

"Demons" feat. e-dubble (2:28)
"Never Gonna Let You Go"  with Esthero (3:20)
"End of the Story" (4:02)
"Dreamer (3:43)
"So Long" (3:10)

EPs
2014: Up & Up
Track list

"I'm Home" (3:11)
"Rebel" (feat. Faber) (3:13)
"Rollin'" (feat. Stef Lang) (3:19)
"You Got It" (3:12)
"Renegades" (4:34)
"Light Up" (feat. Daniel Richter) (2:53)
"Happy When It's Gone" (3:35)

Singles
Collaborations
His single "Falling in Love With You" features Cory Lee
"CobraStyle" recording features Robyn
iSH has made a remix of La Roux song "Bulletproof" under the title "Bulletproof (The Remix)" by iSH feat. La Roux
"Candy Store" by Faber Drive featuring iSH (604 Records, 2012)
His single "Rollin'" features Stef Lang
His single "Light Up" features Daniel Richter
He collaborated with rapper E-Dubble for his song Make Like a Tree

Filmography
Awards and nominations
In 2009, nominated for "Best Urban Single" at the Canadian Radio Music Awards for the single "Falling in Love With You"

References
External links
Official website 
Ishan Morris at AllMusic 
Ishan Morris discography at Discogs 
Ishan Morris at IMDb 
iSH MySpace

Title: Orlando Strange
Orlando Sampson Strange (June 13, 1826 – January 2, 1906) was a physician and politician in Ontario, Canada. He served as mayor of Kingston from 1859 to 1860.
The son of John Strange, a native of Scotland, and Mary McGill, he was born in Kingston and was educated at Queen's College. He studied medicine with Doctor James Sampson and completed his medical studies at the University of New York. Strange then set up practice in Kingston. He also served as surgeon for the Kingston General Hospital. He was a member of Kingston city council from 1852 to 1854 and also served as chair of the school board. He was a member of the board of governors for the Kingston General Hospital. In 1849, Strange married Ann Emily Maclean.
His brother Maxwell served in the Ontario assembly. In 1847, the two brothers bought the Calderwood House in Kingston from Thomas Kirkpatrick.
Strange died in Kingston at the age of 79.


== References ==

Title: Fermat pseudoprime
In number theory, the Fermat pseudoprimes make up the most important class of pseudoprimes that come from Fermat's little theorem.

Definition
Fermat's little theorem states that if p is prime and a is coprime to p, then ap−1 − 1 is divisible by p. For a positive integer a, if a composite integer x divides ax−1 − 1, then x is called a Fermat pseudoprime to base a.
: Def. 3.32 
In other words, a composite integer is a Fermat pseudoprime to base a if it successfully passes the Fermat primality test for the base a. The false statement that all numbers that pass the Fermat primality test for base 2 are prime is called the Chinese hypothesis.
The smallest base-2 Fermat pseudoprime is 341. It is not a prime, since it equals 11·31, but it satisfies Fermat's little theorem: 2340 ≡ 1 (mod 341) and thus passes the
Fermat primality test for the base 2.
Pseudoprimes to base 2 are sometimes called Sarrus numbers, after P. F. Sarrus who discovered that 341 has this property, Poulet numbers, after P. Poulet who made a table of such numbers,  or Fermatians (sequence A001567 in the OEIS).
A Fermat pseudoprime is often called a pseudoprime, with the modifier Fermat being understood.
An integer x that is a Fermat pseudoprime for all values of a that are coprime to x is called a Carmichael number.: Def. 3.34

Properties
Distribution
There are infinitely many pseudoprimes to any given base a > 1. In 1904, Cipolla showed how to produce an infinite number of pseudoprimes to base a > 1: let A = (ap - 1)/(a - 1) and let B = (ap + 1)/(a + 1), where p is a prime number that does not divide a(a2 - 1). Then n = AB is composite, and is a pseudoprime to base a. For example, if a = 2 and p = 5, then A = 31, B = 11, and n = 341 is a pseudoprime to base 2.
In fact, there are infinitely many strong pseudoprimes to any base greater than 1 (see Theorem 1 of
) and infinitely many Carmichael numbers, but they are comparatively rare. There are three pseudoprimes to base 2 below 1000, 245 below one million, and 21853 less than 25·109. There are 4842 strong pseudoprimes base 2 and 2163 Carmichael numbers below this limit (see Table 1 of ).
Starting at 17·257, the product of consecutive Fermat numbers is a base-2 pseudoprime, and so are all Fermat composites and Mersenne composites.
The probability of a composite number n passing the Fermat test approaches zero for 
  
    
      
        n
        →
        ∞
      
    
    {\displaystyle n\to \infty }
  
. Specifically, Kim and Pomerance showed the following: The probability that a random odd number  n ≤ x is a Fermat pseudoprime to a random base 
  
    
      
        1
        <
        b
        <
        n
        −
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle 1<b<n-1}
  
 is less than 2.77·10−8 for x= 10100, and is at most (log x)−197<10-10,000 for x≥10100,000.

Factorizations
The factorizations of the 60 Poulet numbers up to 60787, including 13 Carmichael numbers (in bold), are in the following table.
(sequence A001567 in the OEIS)

A Poulet number all of whose divisors d divide 2d − 2 is called a super-Poulet number. There are infinitely many Poulet numbers which are not super-Poulet Numbers.

Smallest Fermat pseudoprimes
The smallest pseudoprime for each base a ≤ 200 is given in the following table; the colors mark the number of prime factors. Unlike in the definition at the start of the article, pseudoprimes below a are excluded in the table. (For that to allow pseudoprimes below a, see OEIS: A090086)
(sequence A007535 in the OEIS)

List of Fermat pseudoprimes in fixed base n
For more information (base 31 to 100), see OEIS: A020159 to OEIS: A020228, and for all bases up to 150, see table of Fermat pseudoprimes (text in German), this page does not define n is a pseudoprime to a base congruent to 1 or -1 (mod n)

Bases b for which n is a Fermat pseudoprime
If composite 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is even, then 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is a Fermat pseudoprime to the trivial base 
  
    
      
        b
        ≡
        1
        
          
          (
          mod
          
          n
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle b\equiv 1{\pmod {n}}}
  
.
If composite 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is odd, then 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is a Fermat pseudoprime to the trivial bases 
  
    
      
        b
        ≡
        ±
        1
        
          
          (
          mod
          
          n
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle b\equiv \pm 1{\pmod {n}}}
  
.
For any composite 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
, the number of distinct bases 
  
    
      
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle b}
  
 modulo 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
, for which 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is a Fermat pseudoprime base 
  
    
      
        b
      
    
    {\displaystyle b}
  
, is
: Thm. 1, p. 1392 

  
    
      
        
          ∏
          
            i
            =
            1
          
          
            k
          
        
        gcd
        (
        
          p
          
            i
          
        
        −
        1
        ,
        n
        −
        1
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \prod _{i=1}^{k}\gcd(p_{i}-1,n-1)}
  

where 
  
    
      
        
          p
          
            1
          
        
        ,
        ...
        ,
        
          p
          
            k
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle p_{1},\dots ,p_{k}}
  
 are the distinct prime factors of 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
. This includes the trivial bases.
For example, for  
  
    
      
        n
        =
        341
        =
        11
        ⋅
        31
      
    
    {\displaystyle n=341=11\cdot 31}
  
, this product is 
  
    
      
        gcd
        (
        10
        ,
        340
        )
        ⋅
        gcd
        (
        30
        ,
        340
        )
        =
        100
      
    
    {\displaystyle \gcd(10,340)\cdot \gcd(30,340)=100}
  
. For 
  
    
      
        n
        =
        341
      
    
    {\displaystyle n=341}
  
, the smallest such nontrivial base is 
  
    
      
        b
        =
        2
      
    
    {\displaystyle b=2}
  
.
Every odd composite 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is a Fermat pseudoprime to at least two nontrivial bases modulo 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 unless 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is a power of 3.: Cor. 1, p. 1393 
For composite n < 200, the following is a table of all bases b < n which n is a Fermat pseudoprime. If a composite number n is not in the table (or n is in the sequence A209211), then n is a pseudoprime only to the trivial base 1 modulo n.

For more information (n = 201 to 5000), see b:de:Pseudoprimzahlen: Tabelle Pseudoprimzahlen (15 - 4999) (Table of pseudoprimes 16–4999).  Unlike the list above, that page excludes the bases 1 and n−1. When p is a prime, p2 is a Fermat pseudoprime to base b if and only if p is a Wieferich prime to base b.  For example, 10932 = 1194649 is a Fermat pseudoprime to base 2, and 112 = 121 is a Fermat pseudoprime to base 3.
The number of the values of b for n are (For n prime, the number of the values of b must be n − 1, since all b satisfy the Fermat little theorem)

1, 1, 2, 1, 4, 1, 6, 1, 2, 1, 10, 1, 12, 1, 4, 1, 16, 1, 18, 1, 4, 1, 22, 1, 4, 1, 2, 3, 28, 1, 30, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 36, 1, 4, 1, 40, 1, 42, 1, 8, 1, 46, 1, 6, 1, ... (sequence A063994 in the OEIS)
The least base b > 1 which n is a pseudoprime to base b (or prime number) are

2, 3, 2, 5, 2, 7, 2, 9, 8, 11, 2, 13, 2, 15, 4, 17, 2, 19, 2, 21, 8, 23, 2, 25, 7, 27, 26, 9, 2, 31, 2, 33, 10, 35, 6, 37, 2, 39, 14, 41, 2, 43, 2, 45, 8, 47, 2, 49, 18, 51, ... (sequence A105222 in the OEIS)
The number of the values of b for a given n must divide 
  
    
      
        φ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \varphi }
  
(n), or A000010(n) = 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 2, 6, 4, 6, 4, 10, 4, 12, 6, 8, 8, 16, 6, 18, 8, 12, 10, 22, 8, 20, 12, 18, 12, 28, 8, 30, 16, 20, 16, 24, 12, 36, 18, 24, 16, 40, 12, 42, 20, 24, 22, 46, 16, 42, 20, ...  The quotient can be any natural number, and the quotient = 1 if and only if n is a prime or a Carmichael number (561, 1105, 1729, 2465, 2821, 6601, 8911, 10585, 15841, ... A002997)  The quotient = 2 if and only if n is in the sequence: 4, 6, 15, 91, 703, 1891, 2701, 11305, 12403, 13981, 18721, ... A191311.)
The least numbers which are pseudoprime to k values of b are (or 0 if no such number exists)

1, 3, 28, 5, 66, 7, 232, 45, 190, 11, 276, 13, 1106, 0, 286, 17, 1854, 19, 3820, 891, 2752, 23, 1128, 595, 2046, 0, 532, 29, 1770, 31, 9952, 425, 1288, 0, 2486, 37, 8474, 0, 742, 41, 3486, 43, 7612, 5589, 2356, 47, 13584, 325, 9850, 0, ... (sequence A064234 in the OEIS) (if and only if k is even and not totient of squarefree number, then the kth term of this sequence is 0.)

Weak pseudoprimes
A composite number n which satisfies 
  
    
      
        
          b
          
            n
          
        
        ≡
        b
        
          
          (
          mod
          
          n
          )
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle b^{n}\equiv b{\pmod {n}}}
  
 is called a weak pseudoprime to base b.  For any given base b, all Fermat pseudoprimes are weak pseudoprimes, and all weak pseudoprimes coprime to b are Fermat pseudoprimes.  However, this definition also permits some pseudoprimes which are not coprime to b.  For example, the smallest even weak pseudoprime to base 2 is 161038 (see OEIS: A006935).
The least weak pseudoprime to bases b = 1, 2, ... are:

4, 341, 6, 4, 4, 6, 6, 4, 4, 6, 10, 4, 4, 14, 6, 4, 4, 6, 6, 4, 4, 6, 22, 4, 4, 9, 6, 4, 4, 6, 6, 4, 4, 6, 9, 4, 4, 38, 6, 4, 4, 6, 6, 4, 4, 6, 46, 4, 4, 10, ... OEIS: A000790
Carmichael numbers are weak pseudoprimes to all bases, thus all terms in this list are less than or equal to the smallest Carmichael number, 561. Except for 561 = 3⋅11⋅17, only semiprimes can occur in the above sequence. Not all semiprimes less than 561 occur; a semiprime pq (p ≤ q) less than 561 occurs in the above sequences if and only if p − 1 divides q − 1 (see OEIS: A108574).  The least Fermat pseudoprime to base b (also not necessary exceeding b) (OEIS: A090086) is usually semiprime, but not always; the first counterexample is A090086(648) = 385 = 5 × 7 × 11.
If we require n > b, the least weak pseudoprimes (for b = 1, 2, ...) are:

4, 341, 6, 6, 10, 10, 14, 9, 12, 15, 15, 22, 21, 15, 21, 20, 34, 25, 38, 21, 28, 33, 33, 25, 28, 27, 39, 36, 35, 49, 49, 33, 44, 35, 45, 42, 45, 39, 57, 52, 82, 66, 77, 45, 55, 69, 65, 49, 56, 51, ... OEIS: A239293

Euler–Jacobi pseudoprimes
Another approach is to use more refined notions of pseudoprimality, e.g. strong pseudoprimes or Euler–Jacobi pseudoprimes, for which there are no analogues of Carmichael numbers. This leads to probabilistic algorithms such as the Solovay–Strassen primality test, the Baillie–PSW primality test, and the Miller–Rabin primality test, which produce what are known as industrial-grade primes. Industrial-grade primes are integers for which primality has not been "certified" (i.e. rigorously proven), but have undergone a test such as the Miller–Rabin test which has nonzero, but arbitrarily low, probability of failure.

Applications
The rarity of such pseudoprimes has important practical implications. For example, public-key cryptography algorithms such as RSA require the ability to quickly find large primes. The usual algorithm to generate prime numbers is to generate random odd numbers and test them for primality. However, deterministic primality tests are slow. If the user is willing to tolerate an arbitrarily small chance that the number found is not a prime number but a pseudoprime, it is possible to use the much faster and simpler Fermat primality test.

References
External links
W. F. Galway and Jan Feitsma, Tables of pseudoprimes to base 2 and related data (comprehensive list of all pseudoprimes to base 2 below 264, including factorization, strong pseudoprimes, and Carmichael numbers)
A research for pseudoprime

Title: Fenter
Fenter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Frank Fenter (1936–1983), South African music industry executive
Gray Fenter (born 1996), American baseball pitcher
Paul Fenter, American physicist

See also
Fender (surname)
Fetter (surname)

Title: Michelle Rogers (judoka)
Michelle Rogers (born 21 January 1976 in Salford) is a British judoka, who competed at two Olympic Games.

Judo career
Rogers came to prominence after becoming the champion of Great Britain, winning the heavyweight division at the British Judo Championships in 1993. She would win an additional six British titles from 1999 to 2006 at either heavyweight of half-heavyweight.
In 1996, she was selected to represent Great Britain at the Olympics, competing in the heavyweight event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. In 1996, she also won a bronze medal at the 1996 European Judo Championships in The Hague. The following year she won a silver medal at the 1997 European Judo Championships.
In 2001, she won another bronze medal at the 2001 European Judo Championships in Paris before winning the -78kg gold medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, defeating Jo Melen of Wales in the final. 
She won a fourth European medal at the 2007 European Judo Championships, in Belgrade before going to the Olympic Games for the second time. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 78kg class.

References
External links
Michelle Rogers at the International Judo Federation
Michelle Rogers at JudoInside.com
Michelle Rogers at AllJudo.net (in French)
Michelle Rogers at Team GB
Michelle Rogers at Olympedia
Michelle Rogers at The-Sports.org

Title: Lennox Milne
Lennox McLaren OBE (9 May 1909 - 23 June 1980), known professionally as Lennox Milne, was a Scottish actress and theatre producer. "Widely acknowledged to be the leading lady of Scottish theatre", Milne was a constant presence on the stage, with her fifteen appearances at the Edinburgh Festival a record at the time of her death. In addition Milne was a co-founder of the Gateway Theatre Company based at the Edinburgh Gateway Theatre, for which she was awarded an OBE in the 1956 Birthday Honours. Milne was married to the Scottish writer and broadcaster Moray McLaren, with whom she wrote many radio plays, until his death in 1971.

Life and Career
Early years
Born in Edinburgh in 1909, Milne trained at both the Edinburgh College of Drama and London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.

Career
After leaving drama school, Milne worked for the BBC, working on school broadcasts, before stints with the Perth Theatre Company, the Wilson Barrett Company and Glasgow's Citizens Theatre Company. 
In 1953, Milne co-founded the Edinburgh Gateway Company with Tom Fleming and Robert Kemp. Milne directed and performed in many of the company's plays. With the company Milne attended the first of her fifteen appearances at the Edinburgh Fringe in 1953, performing in the one woman play The Heart Is Highland. The play was written for Milne by playwright Kemp. Milne played all fourteen characters and it earned her the inaugural Scottish Arts Council Drama Award in 1954. Milne would take the play to Canada's Stratford Festival in 1959. It was for her role in founding and running the company that she was awarded the OBE in the 1956 Birthday Honours.
In 1968, Milne took the role of the headmistress in the Broadway adaptation of the Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, a role she later reprised at the Royal Lyceum Theatre in Edinburgh.
At the Edinburgh Festival, Milne appeared in all of Tyrone Guthrie's The Three Estaites. Milne also often collaborated with the playwright Robert McLellan, including in the title role in the 1950 staging of Mary Stewart, as well as roles in Jamie the Saxt, Young Auchinleck and The Flouers o Edinburgh. She also played the small role of Mrs Gascoyne in the 1967 premiere of D. H. Lawrence's The Daughter-in-Law.
On the radio, Milne played the central character, Chris Guthrie, in Lewis Grassic Gibbon's Sunset Song and its sequel Cloud Howe. She also starred in the radio play One Traveller Returns, which was written by Moray McLaren, her future husband, who she would later frequently collaborate with. 
On television, Milne made her debut in a 1951 adaptation of The Daughters of the Late Colonel. She also appeared in Sunset Song, which was based on the novel she had previously played on the radio. She made other appearances in This Man Craig, Dr. Finlay's Casebook, Scotch on the Rocks and Quatermass. 
In 1965, Milne became a member of the Scottish Arts Council. 
Milne spent her final years living in Haddington, where she worked with the Lamp of Lothian Collegiate Trust until her death in 1980.


== References ==

Title: Afghan Premier League
The Afghan Premier League, also known as Rahmani Foundation Afghan Premier League for sponsorship reasons, was a former professional men's football league run by the Afghanistan Football Federation (AFF) for Football in Afghanistan. It was the country's primary competition for the sport. The league was contested by eight teams. The competition commenced in September 2012. Seasons usually ran from September to October followed by a finals series involving the top two highest-placed teams in each of the two tables of four teams. The national champion gained qualification into the continental competition. Most games were played at the Afghanistan Football Federation Stadium in Kabul.
Since the league's inaugural season, a total of three clubs were crowned Afghan Premier League champions. Shaheen Asmayee, won a record 5 premier league titles. The league is folded in 2020 and was replaced with the Afghanistan Champions League.

History
The Afghan Premier League was established in 2012 replacing the Kabul Premier League, with the first season running through September and October of that year. 8 teams were concurrently established in 2012 to become the inaugural competitors. Before 2012, the league in Afghanistan was broken down into 7 groups that covered the country.
Players for the league were selected with the help of a reality television talent show called Maidan-e-sabz ("The Green Pitch"), helmed by Mukhtar Lashkari, star of Tolo TV, Afghanistan's equivalent of The Oprah Winfrey Show. The concept came from the Afghanistan Football Federation and the Afghanistan-based MOBY Group, which owns a number of TV channels and radio stations and is the largest media group in the country. MOBY Group channels will broadcast matches. Players were voted onto teams by a jury and by the television audience. The 34 provinces were grouped into eight larger zones. Eight teams of 18 players, one from every region, were formed.
The Afghan High Peace Council praised the creation and development of the League as an, "opportunity to bring peace and stability" to Afghanistan. The process has given opportunities to minorities such as the Hazara who were treated as a underclass. Many players and supporters had undergone considerable trauma for which the League serves as a form of therapy. Along with the Shpageeza Cricket League which started in 2013, Afghan Premier League football was one of the few big sporting competitions in Afghanistan, offering precious relief from the violence of everyday life.
Shaheen Asmayee FC won a record 5 Afghan Premier League titles (2013, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2020). They were the only team to have reached the Afghan Premier League final in eight consecutive seasons (2013–2020). The league was discontinued after 2020 and replaced with the Afghanistan Champions League.

Champions
League wins by club
Media coverage
Private media group Moby Media Group had the official rights to cover all matches of the ACL. The matches were aired live on the company's two television channels in Afghanistan, namely TOLO and Lemar, and also offered live commentary on their radio stations, Arman FM and Arakozia FM. Matches are also available live on the league's official YouTube page.

Sponsorship
Roshan Telecom was the title sponsor of Afghan Premier League after which it was named as Roshan Afghan Premier League from 2012 to at least 2018. Official Partners of Afghan Premier League were Afghanistan International Bank and Hummel International which provided kit for the teams.

References
External links
RSSSF.com – Afghanistan – List of Champions

Title: Kuchellapadu
Kuchellapadu is a village in the Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Vemuru mandal of Tenali revenue division, 12 km from the mandal and division headquarters of Tenali.


== References ==

Title: Fraxinus
Fraxinus (), commonly called ash, is a genus of plants in the olive and lilac family, Oleaceae, and comprises 45–65 species of usually medium-to-large trees, most of which are deciduous trees, although some subtropical species are evergreen trees. The genus is widespread throughout much of Europe, Asia, and North America.
The leaves are opposite (rarely in whorls of three), and mostly pinnately compound, though simple in a few species. The seeds, popularly known as "keys" or "helicopter seeds", are a type of fruit known as a samara. Some Fraxinus species are dioecious, having male and female flowers on separate plants but sex in ash is expressed as a continuum between male and female individuals, dominated by unisexual trees. With age, ash may change their sexual function from predominantly male and hermaphrodite towards femaleness; if grown as an ornamental and both sexes are present, ashes can cause a considerable litter problem with their seeds.
Rowans, or mountain ashes, have leaves and buds superficially similar to those of true ashes, but belong to the unrelated genus Sorbus in the rose family.

Etymology
The tree's common English name, "ash", traces back to the Old English æsc, which relates to the Proto-Indo-European for the tree, while the generic name originated in Latin from a Proto-Indo-European word for birch. Both words are also used to mean "spear" in their respective languages, as the wood is good for shafts.

Selected species
Species are arranged into sections supported by phylogenetic analysis:

Section Dipetalae
Fraxinus anomala Torr. ex S.Watson – singleleaf ash
Fraxinus dipetala Hook. & Arn. – California ash or two-petal ash
Fraxinus parryi Moran – Chaparral ash
Fraxinus quadrangulata Michx. – blue ash
Fraxinus trifoliolata
Section Fraxinus
Fraxinus angustifolia Vahl – narrow-leaved ash
Fraxinus angustifolia subsp. oxycarpa  – Caucasian ash
Fraxinus angustifolia subsp. syriaca 
Fraxinus excelsior L. – European ash
Fraxinus mandshurica Rupr. – Manchurian ash
Fraxinus nigra Marshall – black ash
Fraxinus pallisiae Wilmott – Pallis' ash
Fraxinus sogdiana Bunge – Tianshan ash
Section Melioides sensu lato
Fraxinus chiisanensis Nakai – Jirisan ash
Fraxinus cuspidata Torr. – fragrant ash
Fraxinus platypoda Oliv. – Chinese red ash
Fraxinus spaethiana Lingelsh. – Späth's ash
Section Melioides sensu stricto
Fraxinus albicans Buckley – Texas ash
Fraxinus americana L. – white ash or American ash
Fraxinus berlandieriana DC. – Mexican ash
Fraxinus caroliniana Mill. – Carolina ash
Fraxinus latifolia Benth. – Oregon ash
Fraxinus papillosa Lingelsh. – Chihuahua ash
Fraxinus pennsylvanica Marshall – green ash
Fraxinus profunda (Bush) Bush – pumpkin ash
Fraxinus uhdei (Wenz.) Lingelsh. – Shamel ash or Tropical ash
Fraxinus velutina Torr. – velvet ash or Arizona ash
Section Ornus
Fraxinus apertisquamifera
Fraxinus baroniana
Fraxinus bungeana DC. – Bunge's ash
Fraxinus chinensis Roxb. – Chinese ash or Korean ash
Fraxinus floribunda Wall. – Himalayan manna ash
Fraxinus griffithii C.B.Clarke – Griffith's ash
Fraxinus insularis Hemsl. – Chinese flowering ash
Fraxinus japonica  – Japanese ash
Fraxinus lanuginosa – Japanese ash
Fraxinus longicuspis
Fraxinus malacophylla
Fraxinus micrantha Lingelsh.
Fraxinus ornus L. – manna ash or flowering ash
Fraxinus paxiana Lingelsh.
Fraxinus sieboldiana Blume – Japanese flowering ash
Section Pauciflorae
Fraxinus dubia
Fraxinus gooddingii  – Goodding's ash
Fraxinus greggii A.Gray – Gregg's ash
Fraxinus purpusii
Fraxinus rufescens
Section Sciadanthus
Fraxinus dimorpha
Fraxinus hubeiensis Ch'u & Shang & Su – 湖北梣, Hubei qin
Fraxinus xanthoxyloides (G.Don) Wall. ex DC. – Afghan ash

Ecology
North American native ash tree species are a critical food source for North American frogs, as their fallen leaves are particularly suitable for tadpoles to feed upon in ponds (both temporary and permanent), large puddles, and other water bodies. Lack of tannins in the American ash makes their leaves a good food source for the frogs, but also reduces its resistance to the ash borer. Species with higher leaf tannin levels (including maples and non-native ash species) are taking the place of native ash, thanks to their greater resistance to the ash borer. They produce much less suitable food for the tadpoles, resulting in poor survival rates and small frog sizes.
Ash species native to North America also provide important habitat and food for various other creatures native to North America. This includes the larvae of multiple long-horn beetles, as well as other insects including those in the genus Tropidosteptes, lace bugs, aphids, larvae of gall flies, and caterpillars. Birds are also interested in black, green, and white ash trees. The black ash alone supports wood ducks, wild turkey, cardinals, pine grosbeaks, cedar waxwings, and yellow-bellied sapsuckers, with habitat and food (such as the sap being of interest to the sapsucker) among others. Many mammalian species from meadow voles eating the seeds to white-tailed deer eating the foliage to silver-haired bats nesting will also make use of ash trees.
Ash is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species (butterflies and moths).

Threats
North America
The emerald ash borer (Agrilus planipennis), also called EAB, is a wood-boring beetle accidentally introduced to North America from eastern Asia via solid wood packing material in the late 1980s to early 1990s. It has killed tens of millions of trees in 22 states in the United States and adjacent Ontario and Quebec in Canada. It threatens some seven billion ash trees in North America. Research is being conducted to determine whether three native Asian wasps that are natural predators of EAB could be used as a biological control for the management of EAB populations in the United States. The public is being cautioned to avoid transporting unfinished wood products, such as firewood, to slow the spread of this insect pest.
Damage occurs when emerald ash borer larvae feed on the inner bark, phloem, inside branches and tree trunks. Feeding on the phloem prevents nutrients and water transportation. If the ash is attacked, the branches can die and eventually the whole tree can as well. Ways to detect emerald ash borer infestation include seeing bark peeling off, vertical cracks in the bark, seeing galleries within the tree that contain powdery substance, and D-shaped exit holes on the branches or trunk. Not all of these may be present, but any of these warning signs could be an indication of possible infestation.

Europe
The European ash, Fraxinus excelsior, has been affected by the fungus Hymenoscyphus fraxineus, causing ash dieback in a large number of trees since the mid-1990s, particularly in eastern and northern Europe. The disease has infected about 90% of Denmark's ash trees. At the end of October 2012 in the UK, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra)  reported that ash dieback had been discovered in mature woodland in Suffolk; previous occurrences had been on young trees imported from Europe. In 2016, the ash tree was reported as in danger of extinction in Europe.

Uses
Ash is a hardwood and is dense (within 20% of 670 kg/m3 for Fraxinus americana, and higher at 710 kg/m3 for Fraxinus excelsior), tough and very strong but elastic, extensively used for making bows, tool handles, baseball bats, hurleys, and other uses demanding high strength and resilience.

Ash is a tonewood commonly used in the manufacture of electric guitars. It exhibits a pronounced bright tone with a scooped midrange. It is lightweight, easy to work and sand, accepts glue, stain, paint and finish very well and is inexpensive. All this has made it a favourite of large factories mass-producing instruments. The Fender musical instrument company has been continuously and uninterruptedly using Ash to make electric guitars since 1956. Swamp ash is used a lot in guitar building because of its figure. It is a choice of material for electric guitar bodies and, less commonly, for acoustic guitar bodies, known for its bright, cutting edge and sustaining quality. Some Fender Stratocasters and Telecasters are made of ash, (such as Bruce Springsteen's Telecaster on the Born to Run album cover), as an alternative to alder.
Ash is also used for making drum shells.

Woodworkers generally consider ash a "poor cousin" to the other major open pore wood, oak, but it is useful in any furniture application. Ash veneers are extensively used in office furniture. Ash is not used much outdoors due to the heartwood having a low durability to ground contact, meaning it will typically perish within five years. The F. japonica species is favored as a material for making baseball bats by Japanese sporting-goods manufacturers.
Its robust structure, good looks, and flexibility combine to make ash ideal for staircases. Ash stairs are extremely hard-wearing, which is particularly important for treads. Due to its elasticity, ash can also be steamed and bent to produce curved stair parts such as volutes (curled sections of handrail) and intricately shaped balusters. However, a reduction in the supply of healthy trees, especially in Europe, is making ash an increasingly expensive option.
Ash was commonly used for the structural members of the bodies of cars made by carriage builders. Early cars had frames which were intended to flex as part of the suspension system  to simplify construction. The Morgan Motor Company of Great Britain still manufactures sports cars with frames made from ash. It was also widely used by early aviation pioneers for aircraft construction.
It lights and burns easily, so is used for starting fires and barbecues, and is usable for maintaining a fire, though it produces only a moderate heat. The two most economically important species for wood production are white ash, in eastern North America, and European ash in Europe. The green ash (F. pennsylvanica) is widely planted as a street tree in the United States. The inner bark of the blue ash (F. quadrangulata) has been used as a source for blue dye.
In Sicily, Italy,  sugars are obtained by evaporating the sap of the manna ash, extracted by making small cuts in the bark. The manna ash, native to southern Europe and southwest Asia, produces a blue-green sap, which has medicinal value as a mild laxative, demulcent, and weak expectorant. The young seedpods, also known as "keys", are edible for human consumption. In Britain, they are traditionally pickled with vinegar, sugar and spices.

Mythology and folklore
In Greek mythology, the Meliae are nymphs associated with the ash, perhaps specifically of the manna ash (Fraxinus ornus), as dryads were nymphs associated with the oak. They appear in Hesiod's Theogony, which states that they were born when drops of Ouranos's blood fell on the earth (Gaia).
In Norse mythology, a vast, evergreen ash tree Yggdrasil ("the steed (gallows) of Odin"), watered by three magical springs, serves as axis mundi, sustaining the nine worlds of the cosmos in its roots and branches. Askr, the first man in Norse myth, literally means 'ash'.
In Italian folklore, an ash stake could be used to kill a vampire.

See also
Æ, the letter ash

References
External links

Cofrin  Center for Biodiversity Herbarium, University of Wisconsin, Trees of Wisconsin, Fraxinus comparison chart; Archived 17 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine
Campbell, Julian J. N. (2017). "Green/red and white ashes (Fraxinus sect. Melioides) of east-central North America: Taxonomic concepts and polyploidy" (PDF). Phytoneuron. 2017–28: 1–36. ISSN 2153-733X. Retrieved 8 January 2022.

Title: List of Illinois area codes
This is a list of the area codes in the state of Illinois and its numbering plan areas in the North American Numbering Plan.

217/447: Central Illinois, including the region running west from the Illinois-Indiana border through Danville, Effingham, Champaign–Urbana, Decatur, Springfield, Quincy until Illinois' western border with Missouri and Iowa
309/861: Central-Western Illinois including Bloomington–Normal, Peoria, and all the way west to the Illinois part of the Quad Cities including Moline, and Rock Island.
312: Chicago, the central city area including the Chicago Loop and the Near North Side.
618/730: Southern Illinois, including Carbondale and most of the Metro East region of St. Louis suburbs in Illinois.
630/331: West suburbs of Chicago in DuPage County and Kane County including Wheaton, Naperville, and Aurora.  Area code 630 was overlaid with area code 331 in 2007.
708/464: South suburbs and inner west suburbs of Chicago, including the Chicago Southland and most west and south suburbs in Cook County including Melrose Park, Norridge, Oak Park, Oak Lawn, Chicago Heights, and Orland Park.
773: Chicago, covers most of the geographical area of Chicago except the downtown Chicago Loop, which is in area code 312.
815/779: Northern Illinois outside of the immediate Chicago area including Joliet, Kankakee, LaSalle, DeKalb, and Rockford.  Area code 815 was overlaid with area code 779 in 2007.
847/224: North and northwest suburbs of Chicago including all of Lake County, part of McHenry County, northern Cook County, and northeastern Kane County.  This area includes Evanston, Des Plaines, Waukegan, and most of Elgin.  Area code 847 was overlaid with area code 224 in 2002.
872: City of Chicago, overlaying area codes 312 and 773.

History
In the group of original North American area codes, established in 1947, all of the Chicago metropolitan area was part of numbering plan area 312, the rest of northern Illinois was 815, central Illinois was 217, and southern Illinois was 618. In 1957, area code 815 was split for the assignment of area code 309 to western central Illinois. No further changes took place for 33 years.
In 1989, area code 708 was created for all of the suburbs in the Chicago metropolitan area while the city of Chicago kept the original 312. Area codes 847 (northern suburbs) and 630 (western suburbs) were created from a split of suburban area code 708 in 1996. Shortly after in 1996, area code 773 was created for the residential parts of the city of Chicago, while downtown kept area code 312. Area code 847 exhausted its numbers quickly, so that an overlay area code, 224, was implemented in 1996 for relief. However, mandatory ten-digit dialing was not in effect until 2002. In March 2007, an overlay plan was created for NPA 630 adding area code 331, and 779 was added to 815. With the depletion of new numbers in area codes 312 and 773, an overlay of both of them, area code 872, was created in November 2009, beginning ten-digit dialing within the city limits of Chicago. The remaining area without an overlay in the northern part of Illinois, 708, eventually received such with area code 464 taking effect on January 21, 2022.
Downstate, no changes took place from 1957 until 2021, when area code 447 was implemented as an overlay with 217, mandating ten-digit dialing. The remainder of the state switched to ten-digit dialing in October 2021, as a result of the implementation of the 988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline. Two years later, area code 861 went into effect on February 24, 2023, as an overlay with 309. Area code 730 went into effect on July 7, 2023, as an overlay complex with 618. As of that date, all numbering plan areas of Illinois are therefore overlays.

See also
List of North American Numbering Plan area codes

References
External links
"Area Code Maps". NANPA.

Title: Rossella
Rossella may refer to:

Rossella (given name), female given name
Rossella (TV series), an Italian television series
Rossella (sponge), a genus of sponges in the family Rossellidae]

See also
Rosella (disambiguation)
Rozella (disambiguation)

Title: Tarek Omar Souryal
Tarek Omar Souryal is an orthopedic surgeon in the field of sports medicine, known for his research on the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL). He currently practices in Dallas, Texas, at Texas Sports Medicine and Orthopedic Group. He was previously the Head Physician for the 2011 NBA Champion Dallas Mavericks professional basketball team and also served as the President of the NBA Physicians Association. He hosted a weekly radio show Inside Sports Medicine heard in the Dallas area. Souryal also provides medical advice and support to underprivileged high school athletes through his Texas Sports Medicine Foundation.

Early life and education
Souryal was born January 10, 1957, in Cairo, Egypt. His family immigrated to the United States when he was 9 and settled in Huntsville, Texas. He graduated from Huntsville High School in 1974 and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from Sam Houston State University in 1977. He attended medical school at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio and completed his internship and residency at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and Parkland Hospital in Dallas, respectively, followed by a sports medicine fellowship at the Hughston Orthopaedic Clinic in Columbus, Georgia. During this fellowship he published "Bilaterality in Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injuries" in the American Journal of Sports Medicine. In the paper, he reported discovering a particular boney structure in the knee that predisposes athletes to ACL tears. His research has been cited by numerous physicians writing for various academic publications.

Medical career
After completing his fellowship in 1988, Souryal founded Texas Sports Medicine and Orthopaedic Group, where he is Medical Director. He began his career with the Dallas Mavericks in the late 1980s under then-owner Don Carter. Souryal was the Dallas Mavericks team doctor for 22 years and was a two-time President of the NBA Physicians Association. In addition to his work with the NBA and the Mavericks, Souryal was head physician for FC Dallas, CHL’s Dallas Freeze, and AFL’s Dallas Texans. Additionally, he oversaw a Student Sports Injury Clinic at Southern Methodist University from 1988 to 2002 and served as volunteer physician for several Dallas area high schools.
Souryal has authored several articles on sports injuries and their treatment, with subjects ranging from shoulder arthroscopy and reconstruction to ACL tears and rehabilitation.

Texas Sports Medicine Foundation
Souryal founded the Texas Sports Medicine Foundation in 2003 to serve economically disadvantaged high school athletes with sports injuries and to support research studies on improving the setting in which student-athletes train and compete. The foundation lobbied the Texas Legislature to pass a bill requiring Texas public schools to have an automated external defibrillator on hand at all high school sporting events and practices, known in Texas as Senate Bill 7, signed into law in 2007.

Inside Sports Medicine
Souryal hosted Inside Sports Medicine in the Dallas-Fort Worth radio market beginning in 2001. At the conclusion of the show's run in 2022, it aired for an hour on Saturday mornings on 96.7/1310 The Ticket. The show originally aired on 103.3 FM ESPN for two hours and for a period of time, on Sunday instead of Saturday mornings.


== References ==

Title: Lower Yukon School District
Lower Yukon School District is a school district headquartered in Mountain Village, Alaska, serving the Kusilvak Census Area. As of the 2017-18 school year, it has 1,998 students across 10 schools. 91% are American Indian or Alaska Native and 5% are multiracial.

Schools
The district operates only K-12 schools due to the small and isolated nature of the villages within the district. Each village has one school. High school students have the option of applying out-of-district to the state's public boarding schools, Nenana Student Living Center and Mt. Edgecumbe High School.

Alakanuk School (226 students)
Emmonak School (207 students)
Hooper Bay School (456 students)
Kotlik School (179 students)
Marshall School (119 students)
Mountain Village School (196 students)
Nunam Iqua School (64 students)
Pilot Station School (191 students)
Russian Mission School (125 students)
Scammon Bay School (234 students)
High school juniors and seniors may apply to spend nine-week sessions at Kusilvak Career Academy, a residential program that allows students to take career and technical education classes in Anchorage.

Former schools
Pitkas Point School served eight students in pre-K through eighth grade and shut down after that 2011-12 school year. Students from Pitkas Point are now zoned for Saint Mary's City Schools.

References
External links
Official website

Title: Neon Genesis Evangelion 2
Neon Genesis Evangelion 2 (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン2, lit. "Shinseiki Evangelion 2") is a Japanese video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Alfa System and published by Bandai. It has role-playing video game and world-controlling elements, and allows the player to follow a number of characters (such as Asuka Langley Soryu, Shinji Ikari, Pen2, etc.) through multiple versions of the main plot of the anime Neon Genesis Evangelion. The PlayStation Portable port was released on 2006 as Neon Genesis Evangelion 2 -Another Cases-.
The 24 topics were named in total "Classified Information" (Kimitsu Jouhou). The topics considerably expand upon the back-story: Adam and Lilith are "Seeds of Life," settlers sent to Earth by a "First Ancestral Race," along with the Spears of Longinus. The various Angels seek out the Black Moon of Lilith because they are seeking Lilith, or Adam; and so on. While the information seems to have been based on extensive interviews with Hideaki Anno, creator of the franchise, the canonicity of the information in the game has never been officially stated, as the involvement of the original Gainax staff was limited to the Classified Information material. However, Gainax continuously states that all necessary information has been provided in the series and films.
Besides the additional information, Neon Genesis Evangelion 2 also introduced a number of additions like F-type Equipment and the final products of the Jet Alone project (as in some storylines, the eighth episode does not end in the cancellation of the Jet Alone project), and includes several "Scenarios", including of comedic value, that disregard canon. Only Scenario 01, one of Shinji's scenarios, follows the series' own storyline relatively closely. The developers also state in a production log that they wanted to create their own "world of Evangelion". This is also expressed in their effort to create an "autonomous" simulation and characters. This allows the player to create numerous scenarios for characters, battles, and relationships.

Gameplay
The player controls the Eva walking around a large map, until they run into an enemy. The player is then given a list of action commands which they can choose to attack the enemy. Once one of the action commands is chosen, a sequence will be shown, created by CGI depicting the attack. This was one of the most praised elements of the game. The game also has story arcs in which the player has a list of playable characters to choose from, to play as in the story mode. For example, the 3 main characters Shinji Ikari, Rei Ayanami, and Asuka Langley Soryu, are available from the start. More are unlocked as various game events are triggered.

Reception
The game sold 111,787 copies the week of its release.

See also
List of Neon Genesis Evangelion video games

References
External links
IGN: PS2 PSP
Classified Information translation + Japanese source text
Short description of game
Entry at Gamefaqs.com

Title: Académica Operária
Associação Académica e Operária da Boa Vista (first part, Portuguese meaning: "academy", Capeverdean Crioulo: Asosiason Akadémika y Operária/Uperária) is a sports club that its football (soccer) team had played in the Premier division and plays in the Boa Vista Island South Zone Division in Cape Verde.  It is based in the island capital of Sal Rei in the island of Boa Vista and plays with Boa Vista's teams in the same stadium.  Apart from football (soccer) there are also in the club basketball, volleyball and athletics departments.
Académica Operária is one of the most successful football (soccer) club in Cape Verde and is Boa Vista's most successful club, having won about 26 official titles, only one is national and the remaining 25 are regional titles.

History
The club was founded on July 3, 1977.  The first name of the club Académica is named after the Portuguese football club from Coimbra, the second is Portuguese for Operators.  It is one of Académica clubs founded after independence.  The left part reads OBV.  Académico Sal Rei merged with Operária and became Académica e Operaria in the 1980s.
The team has one national title won in 1983. Regionally the club has nineteen titles, some of them won in a row between 1995 and 1996, 2001 to 2003 and their recent in 2015.  Associação Académica e Operária also won their first opening tournament title in 2005, three more were won in 2013, 2015 and 2016.
The club celebrated its 10th anniversary in 1987 and later its 25th anniversary of its foundation in 2002.
The club have one of the most number of island titles of any island league in the nation numbering nineteen, their total was less than Botafogo from Fogo, in 2000, the total number of 14 island titles was tied with that club and later 15 from 2003, they did not tied with 16 until 2009 and not with 17 until 2012, the number of island titles won succeeded Botafogo's in 2014 with 18 and now they have 19 which they won in 2015.
In the 2015 season, since the addition of three clubs from 2001, Académica Operária went to new success in 2014 with a record 34 points and 11 wins and scored 34 goals, before they did, the club was six in the first two weeks and was number one for the rest of the season.  The club did it again 2015, first fifth place the club started, from the second round onwards were first place and finished as recent champions and with a higher record 36 points and 13 wins.
In the 2016, season, the club took the number one spot for a week, Onze Estrelas stole it, retook it at the 7th round, Onze Estrelas got it, Académica Operária re-grabbed it again at the 9th round for three weeks until Sal Rei took it, the club was second for the last three rounds and finished it there with 9 wins, 23 goals and had 19 points, less than 2015 season.  In the 2017 regional season, the club started 3rd and was in moderate position until they reached second at the final round and finished there, second straight time and had the same 9 wins, a draw more than last season, an additional point was also made numbering 30 but fewer goals were scored and was 17.  Académica Operária headed up to the regional cup final and faced Sport Sal Rei Club and brought the Boa Vista Derby to the cup final.  Sal Rei crowned regional champions on April 23 got Académica Operária qualification into the regional super cup later in the year.  The club lost the title to Sal Rei and the club later qualified into the super cup as runner up.  Also, their performance at the cup competitions as finalist became their best position. Académica Operária faced Sal Rei in the regional super cup on October 24 and won their second and recent title after they defeated Sal Rei 1–0.
Académica Operária started the 2017–18 season with a small victory (0–1) over Sanjoanense. Two draws were followed, without draws with Juventude do Norte and a goal apiece with Onze Estrelas.  Académica defeated the weak Estância Baixo on January 28 with the score 5–1 and was the region's highest for only a week and was fourth with 12 points. Including that match, Académica recently made a four match winning streak and their last meeting was with Onze Estrelas where they won it 1–6 and is the second highest scoring match in Boa Vista to date behind Sal Rei's in the same 10th round. Also their positions risen to third after their match with Sanjoanense, then second place at round 9 and is their current position. In the 2017–18 Boa Vista Cup, Académica defeated Sporting 1–2 in the semis and contested their appearance at the cup final. Back to the championships, alongside Sal Rei, the club had a loss, this time to Sporting with the scored 0–1 on March 4. Still second with 21 points, now two more than Sanjoanense. Another Boa Vista Derby was played and the club won with a 2–1 victory over Sal Rei and were the six contesting for a regional title alongside Africa Show, Sporting, Sanjoanense and Onze Estrelas. Académica Operária defeated Africa Show 3–1 a week later were the two clubs left contesting a title alongside Sal Rei and a national participation. Their final match was a win over ailing Estância Baixo, a club left without wins, finished with the score of 0–5. Sal Rei's victory over Juventude, whereas Académica Operária finished with 30 points, one less and failing to win another title and with it a national division participation.  At the last day of March, the cup final match featured Sal Rei, a repeat of the Boa Vista derby as did last season, what also repeated as to last season, a 2–0 loss along with the title. Académica Operária did not lost a super cup qualification due to Sal Rei being regional champions and will qualify as runner up in the cup final.

Playoff appearances
The club participated as Académico Sal Rei, they played up to the finals which took place on 2 October 1983 and defeated São Vicente's FC Derby and won their only national title. In 1995 which had not playoff, Académica Operária were the three clubs who entered the triangular phase, they included São Vicente's Académica Mindelo and Santiago's Boavista da Praia. The club faced Boavista da Praia in a single match and failed their attempt for their second title as they lost the title to that club. The team entered the playoffs in the 2000 season, they would be runner up and challenged São Vicente's Derby FC, the first leg was tied apiece with only one point, in the second leg, Académica lost its championship hope again by one point and was their last appearance at the finals.

Stadium
Estádio Municipal Arsénio Ramos is a multi-use stadium in Sal Rei, Cape Verde.  It is currently used mostly for football matches.  The stadium holds 500.  The stadium is home to the island's best football clubs including Sal Rei and Sporting Boa Vista.  It is also the home of Sanjoanense.  The club also practices at the stadium

Rivalry
The club's only rivalry is Sport Sal Rei Club forming the Derby of Boa Vista Island

Uniform
Today, its shirt is supplied by Adidas and is sponsored by UNICEF.

Honours
Campeonato Nacional: 1
1982/83
Boa Vista Island League: 19
1977/78, 1978/79, 1981/82, 1982/83, 1984/85, 1988/89, 1990/91, 1992/93, 1994/95, 1995/96, 1996/97, 1998/99, 1999/2000, 2001/02, 2002/03, 2008/09, 2011/12, 2013/14, 2014/15
Boa Vista (Bubista) Super Cup: 2
2014, 2017
Boa Vista Opening Tournament: 4
2005, 2012–13, 2014–15, 2015–16

League and cup history
National championship
Island/Regional Championship
Statistics
Best position: 1st (national)
Best position at a cup competition: Finalist (regional)
Best position at an opening tournament: 1st
Appearances at regional cup competitions: 8, to be 9
Appearances at a regional Super Cup: 5
Highest number of matches played in a season: 8 (national), in 2002
Highest number of points in a season:
National: 9 (national), in 2002
Regional: 36, in 2015
Highest number of wins in a season: 13 (regional), in 2015
Highest number of losses in a season: 5 (national)

Managerial history
Luis Manuel Semedo (around 2008)

References
External links
Académica Operária at Soccerway
Académica Operária at Sports Mídia (in Portuguese)

Title: Catephia lobata
Catephia lobata is a species of moth of the  family Erebidae. It is found in Indonesia (Sumatra).


== References ==

Title: James Arlidge
James Arlidge (ジェームス・アレジ, Jēmusu Areji); born 11 August 1979) is a Japanese international rugby union player. He plays primarily at fly-half.

Club career
Unusually, he made his Super Rugby debut for the Auckland Blues, prior to making his first start in provincial rugby, making the step from junior rugby with Pakuranga and the Auckland Colts, due to the then Blues first choice fly-half Carlos Spencer being injured. Later in 2002 Arlidge would go on to make his debut for Auckland in New Zealand's National Provincial Championship.
In 2001 having started the NPC season with Auckland, Arlidge would spend the majority of the season on loan with another side in the Blues franchise. Northland. After another season back with Auckland and the Blues, Arlidge opted to sign for South Island side the Highlanders (rugby union) for the 2003 Super 12 season, as well as playing his NPC rugby with Otago. His brother Gareth has also represented Auckland at provincial level.
After a single season in Dunedin, Arlidge began a four-year stint in Japan with Osaka based club NTT DoCoMo Kansai. Having been listed by the Japan Rugby Football Union as being unaffiliated to a club, on 5 May 2008 the South Wales Argus quoted new Newport Gwent Dragons signing Tom Willis as "looking forward to joining forces with his compatriots and former Highlanders team-mates, including James Arlidge, in Dragons colours next season.". In June 2010 Nottingham announced that Arlidge had joined them on a one-year contract.

International
Prior to leaving New Zealand, Arlidge made his New Zealand Maori debut, against a Canada All Stars side, on their 2003 North America tour.
Having qualified for Japan on residency grounds, Arlidge was named by new "Cherry Blossoms" coach and fellow New Zealander John Kirwan's first squad. His test debut came in an emphatic 82–0 win over South Korea in Tokyo, scoring two tries and converting all of his ten conversions. Having looked a certainty for a berth in the 2007 Rugby World Cup squad, a fractured leg obtained against a Classic All Blacks side forced Arlidge onto the sidelines, until the 2008 HSBC Asian Five Nations.
In the 2008 IRB Pacific Nations Cup Arlidge was the top points scorer with 56 for Japan, six points ahead of Callum Bruce of the New Zealand Maori.
Arlidge was included in Japan's 2011 Rugby World Cup squad. He played in 3 of Japan's 4 matches during the tournament, scoring 34 points, consisting of 2 tries, 3 conversions and 6 penalties.

References
External links
Newport Gwent Dragons profile

Title: Acetomepregenol
Acetomepregenol (ACM), also known as mepregenol diacetate and sold under the brand name Diamol, is a progestin medication which is used in Russia for the treatment of gynecological conditions and as a method of birth control in combination with an estrogen. It has also been studied in the treatment of threatened abortion. It has been used in veterinary medicine as well. It has been marketed since at least 1981.

Pharmacology
Based on its chemical structure, specifically the lack of a C3 ketone, it is probable that acetomepregenol is a prodrug of megestrol acetate (the 3-keto analogue).

Chemistry
Acetomepregenol, also known as megestrol 3β,17α-diacetate, as well as 3β-dihydro-6-dehydro-6-methyl-17α-hydroxyprogesterone diacetate or as 3β,17α-diacetoxy-6-methylpregna-4,6-dien-20-one, is a synthetic pregnane steroid and a derivative of progesterone and 17α-hydroxyprogesterone. It is very close to megestrol acetate (6-dehydro-6-methyl-17α-acetoxyprogesterone) in structure, except that there is a hydroxyl group with an acetate ester attached at the C3 position instead of a ketone. A closely related medication is cymegesolate (also known as megestrol 3β-cypionate 17α-acetate), which, in contrast, has not been marketed.

See also
List of Russian drugs


== References ==

Title: Enteromius bawkuensis
Enteromius bawkuensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Enteromius. It is only known from the White Volta and the Sokoto River, a tributary of the Niger in Burkina Faso, Ghana and Nigeria.


== References ==

Title: Kensington Road, Adelaide
Kensington Road is a main road in the South Australian capital city of Adelaide, linking the Adelaide city centre to its eastern suburbs.

Route
Its western end, on the edge of the Adelaide city centre, starts at the Britannia Roundabout on the City Ring Route. Kensington Road continues east through Adelaide's eastern suburbs of Leabrook and Erindale, before the road dead-ends at the foot of the western Adelaide Hills in Wattle Park.

History
Kensington Road has also been subject to controversial development by the Shahin family for their OTR headquarters, with over five attempts of approval despite community opposition.

Major intersections


== References ==

Title: Dawn!
Dawn! is a 1979 Australian sports biopic about the three-time Olympic gold medallist swimmer Dawn Fraser, who served as technical adviser for the production. It starred Bronwyn Mackay Payne and Bunney Brooke, and was written by Joy Cavill and directed by Ken Hannam. The film was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.

Plot
The film deals with Dawn Fraser's rise to fame as a champion Olympic swimmer, her anti-authoritarian clashes with Australian Swimming officials, her triumphs, marriage and eventual divorce.

Cast
Bronwyn Mackay-Payne as Dawn Fraser
Ron Haddrick as Pop
Bunney Brooke as Mum
Tom Richardsas Harry
John Diedrich as Gary
Gabrielle Hartley as Kate
Ivar Kants as Len
David Cameron as Joe
Kevin Wilson as Bippy
Kevin Manser as Official
John Clayton as Syd
Lyndall Barbour as Edie
Deborah Kennedy
Bob Baines as 12th Policeman

Production
The film was produced by Joy Cavill who had previously made a documentary, The Dawn Fraser Story (1964).
In the 1970s Cavill wrote a script based on Fraser's life and showed it to Jill Robb and John Morris of the South Australian Film Corporation. They agrees to put up $250,000 and raise the balance of the money in exchange for 50% of the profits.
The lead, Bronwyn Mackay-Payne, was cast after a search that involved interviewing 1,200 girls and screen testing ten. Mackay-Payne had never acted before.
Shooting began on 19 September 1977 and went for ten weeks, with studio work in Adelaide and location shooting in Balmain, Sydney, Melbourne Olympic Stadium, and Tokyo.

Reception
The film performed disappointingly at the box office.

See also
Cinema of Australia
List of Australian films
Australian films of 1979
List of films set in Australia
List of films shot in Adelaide

References
External links
Dawn! – IMDb
Dawn! at Oz Movies
Dawn's Own Website

Title: Hero Tales
Hero Tales (Japanese: 獣神演武, Hepburn: Jūshin Enbu) is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Huang Jin Zhou, a unit composed of Hiromu Arakawa, Genco, and Studio Flag. The manga series, illustrated by Arakawa, was serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Powered (2006–2009) and Monthly Shōnen Gangan (2009–2010), with its chapters collected in five tankōbon volumes. The 26-episode anime television series, produced by Studio Flag, was broadcast on TV Tokyo from 2007 to 2008. The series' setting is rooted in Chinese folklore and history, as well as having an element of fantasy.

Plot
Manga
A period piece, Jūshin Enbu features Taitou, a young man who hates the empire that rules at the time, with his sister Laila as they learn of a mysterious power Taitou holds, unbeknownst to him. Taitou is the incarnation of a mysterious star that grants him a huge amount of power that he has yet to fully master. Joining them is Ryuukou, who has power similar to Taitou, just more honed.
After Taitou's coming of age ceremony, which required him being beaten by Ryuukou, he is given the Kenkaranpu, described as a conqueror's sword, which Taitou is not even capable of drawing. Soon after, he and Laila are greeted by a man named Shimei, who wants to take the sword. After a quick exchange of blows, Shimei explains the source of Taitou's power - the star Hagun, one of the most powerful Hokushin-Tenkun. When Shimei uses his own sword's power to cause Laila to stop breathing, Taitou becomes so angry he releases Hagun's power, draws Kenkaranpu and pins Shimei to the wall by throwing the Kenkaranpu through his stomach. He then turns to Ryuukou and attacks. Despite his best efforts, Ryuukou cannot overcome Hagun's power. It is only a resuscitated Laila's intervention (along with a nasty head butt) that brings Taitou to his senses. However, they all soon learn that Shimei had escaped with the sword.
At midnight, Taitou sneaks out to recover the sword. As he leaves, Ryuukou and Laila quickly join him on his journey. As they travel, they come to the canal town of Jousei. While they're there, Ryuukou attempts to teach Taitou how to control his ki, and with it, the power of his star. When you don't refine and focus the power, it exits the body any way it can, leaving the body covered with cuts from the power exiting. But Taito is too impatient to learn Ryuukou's way, who was trained by monks. The three are living in an inn in the refugee section of town, right next to the canal. It starts raining hard, and Ryuukou worries about the levee walls holding. At the inn, the three meet Koyou, a handsome ship captain, who does ladies make-up for entertainment. As they talk, the city officials close the inner canal gates to protect their harbor, not caring that it puts the refugee section in danger of being flooded. When the refugees try to enter the city for safety, they are refused access, even as the levee bursts right into the section. Taitou tells Ryuukou to break the flood gates to release the pressure, because he can control his ki. He does so, but is still dangling over the water when a downed tree hits a bridge, breaks it, and heads towards him. Taitou, in a reckless attempt to save his friend, leaps from the gate walls and smashes the debris, unfortunately forgetting to attach himself to something, and so falls into the canal. Ryuukou jumps in after him, and pulls him onto a floating piece of wood, where he then starts to berate him for almost sacrificing himself, saying he should have left him. Taitou is explaining that he could not abandon a friend like that, when their piece of wood hits an obstruction and disintegrates. Taitou starts to drown, and Ryuukou finds the current too strong for him to carry both of them as he is, and Taitou glimpses the symbol of a star on his chest before he falls unconscious.
Later, Taitou finds out that Laila had found Koyou, the man from the inn, and had gotten his help in saving the two. He then rounds on Ryuukou, asking why he had been hiding that he was one of the Hokushin-Tenkun. Ryuukou just felt like the right time never came up, revealing his star is "Bukyoku", the star right next to "Hagun". They are joined by Laila and Koyou, who directs their attention to his "modest ship", a massive barge he calls "Touga". He then loads all the refugees onto it, promising to take care of them. By this time Shimei has reached the capital and Shogun Kiero Hakuhou, who he then presents with the Kenkaranpu.
Much of the storyline revolves around the revelations of an ancient prophecy concerning the Stars, which relate to the seven stars in the Big Dipper constellation, being given human form at a time of crisis for humanity. Although all seven of the Stars are superhuman fighters, two of them are known as the Noble Spirits, and according to destiny will fight each other to take control of the Empire. As the various Stars identities are revealed, they appear to ally themselves to either Keiro (whose star is Tonrou) or Taitou (whose star is Hagun). Because of the cruelty of the previous rulers of the Empire, and many corrupt officials still in power, Keiro has chosen to act with the prophecy and try to become Emperor himself. Taitou, although briefly considering this, ultimately rejects the prophecy entirely, choosing to forge his own destiny.
The other Stars are Ryuukou, who grew up in the same village as Taitou; Hosei, who trained under a strong woman warrior who had learned much about the prophecy of the Stars; Koyou, who spends most of the story on his barge ship; Rinmei, a woman who loves Ryuukou and has anger management issues; and Shoukakou, a mysterious man in the capital city who at first seems to be working for Keiro. The story also involves dealing with grief, loss, responsibility, and starting over even when you feel the weight of your sins means you cannot take another step.

Anime
In the anime, Shogun/General Keiro under cover of dark tries to steal the Kenkaranpu from Tian Long temple. In doing this he massacres dozens of the ascetic monks that were living out their vows of protection and love behind the Tian Long temple's walls, but also, Keiro is confronted by the plucky Taito for the first of their 4 face offs over the 26 episodes.
There are some differences between the plot of the manga and the anime, including which characters live or die, who fights when and where, and how the final battles play out. For example, in the anime, Keiro actually manages to absorb Shimei inside of himself, and gains supernatural powers, controlling Ryuukou against his will and turning some people into demons. Although the overall impact of the battle between Keiro and Taitou is largely the same in both the manga and the anime, the fine details are not. Also, in the manga, there appears to be seven years between the end of the battle between Keiro and Taitou and the final scenes. In the anime, there's an unspecified time skip, but the characters don't appear to have aged significantly, so it wouldn't seem to be as long as seven years.

Characters
The Two Celestial Deities
Taitou Shirei (岱燈 獅麗, Taitō Shirei)
Voiced by: Kenichi Suzumura (Japanese); Newton Pittman (English)
A 16-year-old youth. He is very headstrong, does not like losing, and though reckless is quite a skilled fighter. He opposes the officials in order to protect the people and his companions. He also has a habit of repeating himself when flustered or angry. The relationship he has with his sister Laila (not related by blood) changes as they both begin to get feelings for one another; when out of control only she can control him back to normal.
He has the Hokushin-Tenkun mark of Alkaid, Hagun (破軍), on his right shoulder which mean he is the incarnation of the war and celestial god alkaid. He is also part of the law enforcing organization, Seiryutō (青龍党, "Blue Dragon Group"), which is based at Lotus Temple at Taishan. The group take care of events from rebel raids to violence inflicted by officials. The group overestimated their strength and took on Keirou and in the end lost most of their people. Taitou, seeking revenge for his comrades, left on a journey to train up.
In the manga, the Kenkaranpu (賢嘉爛舞) was to be given to Taitou on his coming of age ceremony by Sonnei but it was seized by Shimei, turning the journey to that of the recovery of the sword. In the anime, the sword was taken by Keirō after a fight between Taitou and the general during the former's invasion of the temple.
Taitou meets the emperor later on in the anime and it is revealed that Taitou is the older brother of the emperor and that they were separated because Taitou bore the 'Hagun' mark.
Keirō (慶狼)
Voiced by: Banjō Ginga (Japanese); Brian Mathis (English)
35 years old. He has the Hokushin-Tenkun mark of Dubhe, Tonrō (貪狼), on his left shoulder which means that he is the incarnation of the war and celestial god dubhe. A general of the imperial army and the leader of the Black Wolf Party. He aims to be the emperor of the Ken Empire.
In the anime, he forced his way into Lotus Temple with his troops to retrieve the sacred sword Kenkaranpu. It is said that the one who unsheathe it will get the right to rule as Emperor. To get the sword many monks and Seiryutou members were killed. While in both the anime and the manga, Keirou chooses to kill everyone in the Empire, in the manga it is because he believes the prophecy means that mankind must die, whereas in the anime, he becomes more or less a demon himself and kills because he feels he is not bound to human laws or mercy.

The Five Divine Warriors
Ryuukou Mouten (劉煌 孟甜, Ryūkō Mōten)
Voiced by: Takahiro Sakurai (Japanese); John Burgmeier (English)
The 18-year-old bearer of the Bukyoku (武曲, "Mizar") mark. Uses a staff in battle. He is the adopted son of a master from another temple of the Rikka Sect, Ryuushou Moukan. His original name is Keikō and Keirō is his real father. Ryuukou is a serious person who expects highly from himself. He has a bad sense of direction. The Bukyoku mark is at his right pectoral. He is in love with Rinmei.
In chapter 9 of the manga, Ryuukou faces off against Keirō to allow Taitou, who is not match for Keirō at this time, a chance to escape. After the battle with Keirō, Ryuukou meets up with Taitou, in chapter 10, and has apparently switched his support from the Hagun (Taitou) to the Tonrō (Keirō) and supports his campaign to usurp the Emperor. Later, his support is questioned by Keirō, so as a test, Keirō ordered Ryuukou to carry out the death sentence of his adoptive father, Ryuushou Moukan. After doing so, Ryuukou has a crisis of loyalty and seems to fall into a bottomless despair.
Hōsei Meitoku (鳳星 銘徳)
Voiced by: Yuki Tai (Japanese); Josh Grelle (English)
The 17-year-old bearer of the Rokuson (禄存, "Phecda") mark. The archer of the group, a carefree and hot-headed person. He is attracted to Laila. The Rokuson mark is at the back of his right hand. His weapon is the Soutenkyuu, a bladed bow that can also be divided and used as twin bladed swords.
In the manga, from chapter 10–14, Hōsei becomes the main support for Taitou after they both believe that Ryuukou is dead and after Ryuukou abandons them for his father, Keirō. In chapter 14, Hōsei finally gets revenge for his master by defeating and "killing" Shimei, but is mortally wounded in the battle. He dies in Taitou's arms. Shimei then takes control of his corpse to try to kill Laila, and Laila is forced to destroy the corpse, apologizing to Hōsei as she does so. Years later, Laila wears his necklace and still visits his grave.
In the anime, however, Hosei is not killed by Shimei, and witnesses Taitou's battle with Keirou, and is shown talking with Laila at the end of the series while looking at the multitude of stars above their village home.
Koyō Mougai (虎楊 蒙骸)
Voiced by: Rikiya Koyama (Japanese); Jonathan Brooks (English)
The 22-year-old bearer of the Monkoku (文曲, "Merak") mark. The leader of a group of sea bandits. Although a big, lively and rough person, he has skillful fingers and has interest in cooking and make-up. He wields an eight-section staff. He also seems to have a paralyzing fear of heights. The Monkoku mark is at his neck.
Shōkaku Chōyō (将鶴 張楊)
Voiced by: Sho Hayami (Japanese); J. Michael Tatum (English)
The 24-year-old bearer of the Renjō (廉貞, "Alioth") mark. He is the teacher of the current emperor Taigatei. Usually seen smiling and basically a calm person, yet under that exterior he is actually a tactician who resorts to any means to keep the Ken Empire going. Any action he undertakes is usually for the good of the Ken Empire. The Renjō mark is at his right palm. In the anime, it is revealed that he is actually afflicted with some sort of fatal disease, and expects to die soon. But in the manga, he believes that both Hagun and Tonrou are disastrous for humankind, and works for peace.
Rinmei Shokan (麟盟 詔韓)
Voiced by: Yuko Kaida (Japanese); Colleen Clinkenbeard (English)
The 20-year-old bearer of the Komon (巨門, "Megrez") mark. In love with Ryuukou but she hates his unsociable attitude. She cooks for the temple Ryuukou is from. She is concerned that she looks older than her age. She is the type that becomes scary when angry. The Komon mark is at her right thigh. In the anime, she fights with Ryuukou, but in the manga, she does not go to the final battle, because she is pregnant with Ryuukou's son.

Others
Laila Seiren (頼羅 青蓮)
Voiced by: Akemi Kanda (Japanese); Alexis Tipton (English)
14 years old. Taitou's little sister (not by blood). She is the daughter of Sōei, the leader of Seiryutō. She is often seen quarreling with Taitou and has generally won every time they have quarrelled. The only person who can stop Taitou when he acts recklessly. After her father's death, in chapter 11 of the manga, She has a moment of crisis, aided by Shimei and his sword, in which she blames Taitou, until she realizes later that he is not to blame for the deaths that are happening around her. She has to fight Shimei when he possesses Housei's corpse, and in the battle it is revealed she is a descendant of the shaman who controlled the stars- hence her ability to control Taito. She uses this power to defeat Shimei for good. Later, she becomes chief of the village in her father's stead.
Taigatei (汰臥帝)
Voiced by: Jun Fukuyama (Japanese); Joel McDonald (English)
The 16-year-old Emperor of the Ken Empire. Good-hearted and has no self thought. He would like to change the Empire into a better place, yet he does not have much power - in reality members of his court govern the Empire. He and Taitou are twins, with Taigatei being the younger brother. The brothers were separated when they were about three, but while Taitou remembers that he was taken away from his original parents and brother, neither he nor Taigatei are aware of their relationship until others reveal it to them. He promises to Taitou to become a good Emperor who helps the people of his empire.
Shimei (史明)
Voiced by: Issei Futamata (Japanese); Mark Stoddard (English)
A follower of Keirō. One of the primary antagonists, he is a sorcerer who manipulates many people from behind the scenes all for the purpose of seeing "people die". He holds the demon sword of all seeing eye, Banshoushimei (萬詳史明) and is able to use spells. "Shimei" is who ever holds the Banshoushimei. He has had three separate bodies in the manga. He possesses the body of Hōsei Meitoku in an attempt to kill Laila Seiren and take her body, but Laila destroys him for good, cutting the Banshoushimei in half.
Sōei (曹栄)
Voiced by: Takayuki Sugō (Japanese); Charlie Campbell (English)
Taitou's and Laila's father. A former member of the Imperial Army, now leader of Seiryutou. After having roamed the Empire, his master Sonnei asked him to settle down at Lotus Temple. He is killed by Shimei.
Sonnei (孫寧)
Voiced by: Kenichi Ogata (Japanese); Grant James (English)
The elderly High priest of Lotus Temple (the headquarters of the Rikka Sect (六伽宗, Rikka Shū)), and former master of Souei. A master of the gaiden (外伝法) technique who is well known in the Empire. Has a weakness for women.
Kōchō (孔凋)
Voiced by: Fumihiko Tachiki (Japanese); Chris Rager (English)
A subordinate of Keirō. A quiet and unsociable person. In the anime, he is Taki's real father, and is killed while protecting Taki and Taigatei from Keiro. In the manga, he survives.
Taki (侘姫)
Voiced by: Fumiko Orikasa (Japanese); Jad Saxton (English)
Keirō's adopted daughter who entered the Court as a princess candidate. A quiet and sweet-natured girl. She and Taigatei are in love and they eventually marry.
Choka (趙香)
Voiced by: Junko Kitanishi (Japanese); Stephanie Young (English)
Originally from a foreign country but stowaway to the Ken Empire. She was then picked up by Keirou and now serves him loyally. Now a court lady attached to the Emperor where she guides the weak-willed Emperor to follow Keirou's wishes. She distrusts Ryuukou and Shōkaku, despite their claims to serve Keirou. In the anime, Shōkaku deducts, apparently correctly, that she is in love with Keirou.
Koei (紅英)
Voiced by: Atsuko Tanaka (Japanese); Jennifer Seman (English)
Hosei's teacher who also subsequently taught Taitou the different ways of using Soukihō, Gaiden for weaponry and Naiden for strengthening the human body. Extremely knowledgeable and well read. Killed in a confrontation with Shimei. Shimei addressed her as Chisenkyū (智泉玖), indicating some kind of prior relationship. In Volume 5, it seems that Koei was a disciple of Shimei when the spirit lived inside a woman's body, and Shimei tried to kill Koei then before assuming the body he inhabits for most of the series.
Mo Han
Voiced by: Kappei Yamaguchi (Japanese); Sonny Strait (English)

Media
Manga
Hero Tales, authored by Huang Jin Zhou (a unit composed of Hiromu Arakawa, Genco, and Studio Flag), and illustrated by Arakawa, was serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Powered from October 21, 2006, to February 21, 2009. It was then serialized in Monthly Shōnen Gangan from May 12, 2009, to August 12, 2010. Square Enix collected its chapters in five tankōbon volumes, released from August 11, 2007, to November 22, 2010.
In North America, the manga licensed for English release by Yen Press. The five volumes were released from October 27, 2009, to October 25, 2011. It was also serialized in Yen Plus, starting in the February 2009 issue.

Volumes
Anime
A 26-episode anime television series, produced by Studio Flag, directed by Osamu Sekita, with character designs by Hiromu Arakawa, titled Jūshin Enbu: Hero Tales (獣神演武 -HERO TALES-), was broadcast on TV Tokyo from October 8, 2007, to March 31, 2008. The first opening theme is "Winterlong" by Beat Crusaders and the first ending theme is "Kakegae no nai Hito e" (かけがえのない人へ) by Mai Hoshimura. The second opening and ending themes are "Flashback" (フラッシュバック, Furasshubakku) and "Komorebi no Uta" (木漏レビノ歌, "Song of Filtering Trees"), respectively, both performed by High and Mighty Color.
In North America, Funimation announced that they had licensed the series in January 2010. The series premiered on Funimation Channel on May 17, 2011. The series was added to Crunchyroll's catalog in September 2017.

Video game
A game called Juushin Embu DS was developed by ThinkArts and released for the Nintendo DS by D3 Publisher on November 22, 2007.

References
External links
Official anime website at the Wayback Machine (archived September 19, 2007) (in Japanese)
Official anime website at TV Tokyo at the Wayback Machine (archived October 28, 2010) (in Japanese)
Official anime website at Funimation
Hero Tales (manga) at Anime News Network's encyclopedia

Title: Sumatran slender gecko
The Sumatran slender gecko (Hemiphyllodactylus margarethae) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Sumatra.


== References ==

Title: Inuksuk Point
Inuksuk Point (Enukso Point, Inuksugalait) is a small peninsula on Foxe Peninsula, approximately 88.5 km (55.0 mi) from Kinngait (formerly Cape Dorset) on the southwest of Baffin Island in Nunavut, Canada.
This location is renowned due to a group of more than 100 inuksuit—stone cairns built by Inuit. The site has been a National Historic Site of Canada since 23 October 1969.


== References ==

Title: Konkan Railway zone
The Konkan Railway (abbreviated KR) is one of the 19 railway zones in India with its headquarters at CBD Belapur in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The first passenger train ran on Konkan railway tracks on 20 March 1993, between Udupi and Mangalore. During its initial years of operation in the mountainous Konkan region, a number of accidents prompted Konkan Railway to implement new technology. Anti-collision devices, the Sky Bus and roll-on/roll-off are several of the railway's innovations.  The 756.25 km (469.91 mi) long railway line connects the states of Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka. The first train on the completed track was sent off on 26 January 1998.

History
Background
For most of the modern era, the Konkan coast of India did not have a railway link connecting its coastal cities, towns and villages. Even the British who ruled India until 1947 did not build a railway along this route. The first proposal was surveyed in 1920. In 1957 an aerial survey was conducted of the area between Dasgaon, Raigad District in Maharashtra and Mangalore with the object of studying the possibilities of railway development in this region.
The long-pending demand of this region was fulfilled by George Fernandes who was the Railway minister in V.P. Singh's government, backed by then Finance minister Madhu Dandavate and Vice Chairman of Planning Commission Ramakrishna Hegde. They set up Konkan Railway Corporation Limited headed by E.Sreedharan for executing Konkan railway line to tide over funds crunch of Indian Railways.
The first phase of the Konkan Railway was the 60.75-kilometre (37.75 mi) section from Apta to Roha. It was cleared by the Planning Commission, and the project was included in the 1978-79 budget at an estimated cost of ₹11.19 billion. The length of the railway from Apta to Mangalore was estimated at 771.25 kilometres (479.23 mi), and its cost was estimated at ₹2.39 billion in 1976. The engineering and traffic survey for the West Coast Railway Line from Apta to Mangalore was conducted from 1970 to 1972. The final survey for the Apta-Roha-Dasgaon section was made in 1974–75.

Challenges
The project involved over 2,116 bridges (of which the Panvalnadi bridge was the highest viaduct in India till 2010, Now Jhajjhar Khad is the highest viaduct in India) and 92 tunnels and was the largest railway project of the century in Asia. A major challenge was land acquisition from about 43,000 landowners. When the Konkan Railway Corporation (KRCL) began asking people to surrender property which had belonged to them for generations, many (convinced of the project's importance) did so voluntarily. This enabled the process to be completed in one year. The longest bridge is on the River Sharavathi, spanning 2.06 km (1.28 mi) and the longest Tunnel is in Karbude near Ratnagiri, stretching 6.561 km (4.08 mi).
Terrain and the elements were challenging; flash floods, loose soil, landslides and tunnel collapses affected work at many places on the project. Thickly-forested construction sites were often visited by wild animals.
The route crosses three states (Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka), each of which agreed to provide financing. The authorised share capital was increased in 1996-1997 from ₹6 billion to ₹8 billion, with the government of India taking a 51-percent share; the rest went to Maharashtra (22 percent), Karnataka (15 percent), Kerala (6 percent) and Goa (6 percent).
Contracts for the project were given to construction firms which included Larsen & Toubro who were given a major part of the project, Gammon India and Afcons. To speed up construction, piers for major bridges were cast on riverbanks itself and launched with pontoon-mounted cranes. This was India's first use of incremental launch bridge-building. The greatest challenge was presented by the nine tunnels bored through soft soil, which required a slow, manual process. Excavation was difficult due to saturated clay and high water table. Tunnels collapsed immediately several times, requiring the work to be redone. Nineteen lives and four years were lost in the construction of the soft-soil tunnels alone, and a total of seventy-four people died during the railway's construction. The compensation is being paid to the persons displaced due to Konkan Railway Project. The amount paid up till now is approx. Rs. 103 crores to about 39000 persons.

Controversy
In Goa, which makes up 156.25 kilometres (97.09 mi) of the route, concerns were raised about the environmental and economic impact of the railway. According to opponents of the project, the coastal railway would destroy habitat, damage historical sites, and disrupt lives in the densely-populated state. In 1991, the Konkan Railway Re-Alignment Committee (KRRAC) organised protests against the proposed railway line. The KRRAC's main points were that the proposal would flood coastal regions, destroy fertile land, harm the monuments of Old Goa, irreparably damage the marshes and mangrove swamps along the coast and the estuaries of the Mandovi and Zuari Rivers, and displace neighbourhoods along the coast. The committee proposed an alternative hinterland alignment passing through relatively-unpopulated regions, which would extend the line by about 27.75 kilometres (17.24 mi) but reduce environmental damage.

But the hinterland alignment was rejected by the Konkan Railway Corporation because it would substantially lengthen & divert the line, deny rail access to Goa's population centers, and delay and increase the costs of construction. The KRRAC, which had become a political movement, filed public interest litigation in the Bombay High Court in March 1992 seeking an injunction on construction work and diversion of the line through the hinterland alignment. The high court dismissed the petition the following month, ruling that  ... the claim of the petitioners that the alignment would have devastating and irreversible impact upon the khazan lands is without any foundation, and even otherwise, the extent of damage is extremely negligible and a public project of such a magnitude which is undertaken for meeting the aspirations of the people on the west coast cannot be defeated on such considerations. It is not open to frustrate the project of public importance to safeguard the interest of few persons. It cannot be overlooked that while examining the grievance about the adverse impact upon a small area of 30 hectares of Khazan lands, the benefit which will be derived by a large number of people by the construction of rail line cannot be brushed aside. The Courts are bound to take into consideration the comparative hardship which the people in the region will suffer by stalling the project of great public utility. The cost of the project escalates from day to day and, as pointed out by the Corporation, the extent of the interest and east which will be suffered by the Corporation every day is to the tune of Rs. 45 lakhs. No development is possible without some adverse effect on the ecology and environment ...  The Konkan Railway Re-Alignment Committee (KRRAC) now under new name Save Konkan Ecology Forum (SKEF) is strictly & violently opposing Doubling & Electrification Works of Konkan Railway Line, planned by Indian Railways in 2014/2015, citing concerns about the environmental and economic impact, destruction habitat, damage historical sites, and disrupt lives in the densely-populated state. Maharashtra, Karnataka & Kerala  Governments had given Green signal for doubling & electrification of Konkan Railway Line in 2015/2016.

Completion
In March 1993, the southern 46-kilometre (29 mi) between Thokur, 18-kilometre (11 mi) from Mangalore, (now Mangaluru) and Udupi in Karnataka entered service, followed by the northern 47-kilometre (29 mi) section between Roha and Veer in Maharashtra in June of that year. The first passenger train on the route ran between Mangalore and Udupi on 20 March 1993. The service was extended by 52 kilometres (32 mi) from Veer to Khed in March 1995, and by a further 286 kilometres (178 mi) from Khed to Sawantwadi Road in December 1996. The Southern service was extended by 38 kilometres (24 mi) from Udupi to Kundapur in January 1995, and by a further 272 kilometres (169 mi) to Pernem in Goa in August 1997.
Through services between Mumbai and Mangalore remained on hold due to a problematic tunnel at Pernem, which experienced repeated cave-ins and flooding. The tunnel was finally completed in January 1998, six years after its construction began. Through services on the line began after the inauguration of the full 756.25-kilometre (469.91 mi) stretch from Roha to Mangalore on 26 January 1998. Passenger service on the full route, between Mumbai and Mangalore, began in May 1998.

Improvements
Track doubling
According to a study by the railway, track doubling is possible on about 324-kilometre (201 mi) which runs on the plains. Several stretches on the 756.25-kilometre (469.91 mi) line can be converted to double track, such as the 47-kilometre (29 mi) line from Roha to Veer, which is now doubled. The 63-kilometre (39 mi) stretch between Udupi and Mangalore is another candidate. The 88-kilometre (55 mi) track from Madure to Vaibhavwadi Road is entirely flat terrain and can easily be converted into Double Track. The 75.75-kilometre (47.07 mi) track from Panvel Junction to Roha has been doubled.
On 3 November 2015, Konkan Railway senior official Bhanu P. Tayal announced to the press that track-doubling and electrification would begin on 8 November in Kolad. Life Insurance Corporation offered a favourable ₹2.5 billion loan, and other funding would be available. The project, expected to cost ₹100 billion, was scheduled for completion by 2020. In October 2018, the railway announced that the 45-kilometre (28 mi) stretch between Roha and Veer would have two tracks by December 2019.
Matsyagandha Express ( Train number 02619 run as special) travelling from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, Mumbai (LTT) to Mangaluru Central (MAQ) became the first train to take the Roha-Veer double line on Konkan railway route on 30 August 2021.

Electrification
The foundation stone laying for electrification of the Konkan railway line was done in November 2015. The entire 741 kilometer route stretching from Roha, Maharashtra to Thokur, Karnataka has been electrified in March 2022. Inspection of the entire stretch was completed in six phases starting in March 2020. The last stretch between Ratnagiri and Thivim was inspected on March 24 and authorisation was obtained on 29 March.

New stations
The railway was scheduled to have new crossing stations at Indapur, Goregaon Road, Sape Wamne, Kalambani Budruk, Kadavai, Veravali, Saundal, Kharepatan Road, Achirne, Mirjan and Innanje by December 2019. Most of these stations are operational now.

Operations
The 756.25-kilometre (469.91 mi) railway has a total track length of 900 kilometres (560 mi). Its length through Maharashtra is 361 kilometres (224 mi), through Karnataka 239 kilometres (149 mi), and 156.25 kilometres (97.09 mi) through Goa.

Passenger
The route is popular with passengers due to its connectivity with regions hitherto inaccessible by rail and the substantial time savings for travellers between western and southern India. Several trains which had taken circuitous routes ran on the Konkan Railway, reducing  running time. The first of these was the Mumbai-Mangalore Netravati Express (later extended to Trivandrum), which was diverted to the Konkan Railway on 1 March 1998; this was followed by the Thiruvananthapuram Rajdhani Express on 1 April of that year. The Matsyagandha Express, running from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus to Mangalore, began service on 1 May 1998. The Hazrat Nizamuddin-Mangalore Mangala Lakshadweep Express was diverted to the route and extended to Ernakulam Junction on 1 August 1998. The Pune-Ernakulam Junction Express was introduced on 25 February 1999. The Marusagar Express, which runs between Jaipur and Ernakulam Junction and was extended to Ajmer via the Konkan Railway, began service on 12 October 2001. The Jan Shatabdi Express was flagged off between Mumbai and Madgaon (the longest-running Jan Shatabdi) on 16 April 2002 to commemorate Indian Railways' 150th anniversary. On 1 February 2008, a Garib Rath Express between the Kochuveli railway station in Thiruvananthapuram and Lokmanya Tilak Terminus began service.
The Tejas Express is the first semi-high-speed, fully air-conditioned train fleet introduced by Indian Railways, with modern on-board facilities. Its inaugural run was on 24 May 2017 from Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus to Karmali railway station in Goa. It covered 552 km (342 mi) in eight hours and 30 minutes.
The Mumbai CSMT–Madgaon Vande Bharat Express semi-high-speed train, was also introduced by Indian Railways, with modern on-board facilities. Its inaugural run was on 27 June 2023 from Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus to Madgaon Junction railway station in Goa. It covers 581 km (361 mi) in eight hours.

Freight
Freight response to the railway was lukewarm, prompting its corporation to consider reducing its rates. With an outstanding debt of ₹33.75 billion, the KRCL was counting on freight traffic for revenue. To attract freight traffic, the corporation began advertising to industries on the route.
The corporation introduced roll-on/roll-off (RORO) service, a road-rail system, on the section between Kolad (Maharashtra) and Verna, Goa in 1999; it was extended to the Surathkal railway station in Karnataka in 2004. The RORO service, the first of its kind in India, allowed trucks to be transported on flatcars. It has been popular, carrying about 1.6 million trucks and earning over ₹1.2 billion by 2009.

Safety
The terrain and weather of the Konkan region have caused problems for the railway. During the 1998 monsoon, torrential rains triggered landslides which washed away tracks and disrupted service. Despite the corporation's efforts to address the problems through engineering (such as protective netting along cuttings to prevent boulders from rolling onto the tracks), the problems recurred each year.
The line's first major accident occurred on the night of 22 June 2003, when a landslide derailed a Karwar–Mumbai express train at the entrance to a tunnel. Fifty-one people died as a result of the accident, and others were injured. As a result, the corporation was severely criticised for failing to take adequate safety measures in the landslide-prone region. An inquiry reported that the cause of the accident was the failure of a cutting due to the lack of monsoon patrolling. The findings were disputed by the corporation, which said that the lack of monsoon patrolling did not lead to the accident (which was due to forces of nature). Shortly after the accident, however, the corporation announced that it would enhance safety measures on the route.
Barely a year later, the measures were found inadequate when a second major accident occurred on 16 June 2004. A Mangalore–Mumbai Matsyaganda Express derailed and fell off a bridge after striking boulders on the tracks, killing 20 people. Again, the corporation insisted that the accident was due to forces of nature. Questions were then raised about the safety and reliability of the Konkan Railway. An inquiry by the Commissioner of Railway Safety ruled that the accident was caused by the "falling of boulders and earth" on the tracks. After the report was issued, the corporation implemented its recommendations. These included reducing train speeds during the monsoon to 75 km/h (47 mph) from 120 km/h (75 mph) and engineering measures such as boulder netting, shotcreting, rock bolting, micropiling and vetiver plantations along the line to improve safety.
A goods train carrying fertilizers derailed between Diwankhavti and Khed stations (83/7Km) at 15:57 on 10 May 2020. This happened during COVID-19 lockdown when regular passenger and goods trains were stopped by Central or Union government of India. There was no injury or casualty. Traffic resumed on the railway on 13 May 2020 at 09:15.

See also
Indian Railways
Konkan Railway Corporation
Pernem–Karwar Suburban Railway

References
Further reading
External links
 Media related to Konkan Railway at Wikimedia Commons

Title: Christopher Gillberg
Lars Christopher Gillberg (born 19 April 1950) is a professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at Gothenburg University in Gothenburg, Sweden. He has been a visiting professor at the universities of Bergen, New York, Odense, St George's (University of London), San Francisco, and Glasgow and Strathclyde. Gillberg is the founding editor of the journal European Child & Adolescent Psychiatry.

Autism research
In the early 1980s, the concept of the 'autism spectrum' was introduced by Lorna Wing and Gillberg. Gillberg has conducted extensive research into autism throughout his academic career. In 2003, a French and Swedish research team at the Institut Pasteur and the psychiatry departments at Gothenburg University and University of Paris, led by Thomas Bourgeron, Marion Leboyer and Gillberg, discovered the first precisely identified genetic mutations in individuals with autism. The team identified mutations altering two genes on the X chromosome which seem to be implicated in the formation of synapses (communication spaces between neurons), in two families where several members are affected. Previous studies, such as the Paris Autism Research International Sib-Pair Study (PARIS), coordinated by Gillberg and Marion Leboyer, have more generally associated the X-chromosome regions with autism. The 2003 breakthrough indicated the location of the mutation to be on the NLGN4 gene and the NGLN3 gene. The mutation prevents a complete protein from forming and is inherited from the mother.
Beginning in 2006, Gillberg is involved in a cross-disciplinary project titled "Autism spectrum conditions: the Gothenburg collaborative studies", funded by the Swedish Research Council (Vetenskapsrådet). The project is a collaboration between scientists specialized in child and youth psychiatry, molecular biology and neuroscience and involves a genetic part with an international study team of French, British and U.S. researchers examining various aspects autism. Some of the results were published during 2007. The project also includes a genetic study on the Faroe Islands.

DAMP, MBD, and ADHD
In the 1970s, Gillberg and co-workers developed the concept Deficits in Attention, Motor control and Perception (DAMP), which was primarily used in Scandinavia. The DAMP concept as used in more recent publications, refers to Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in combination with Developmental Coordination Disorder (DCD). According to Gillberg, it constitutes a "subgroup of the diagnostic category of ADHD, conceptually similar – but not clinically identical – to the WHO concept of HKD (hyperkinetic disorder)" and is diagnosed on the basis of "concomitant attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and developmental coordination disorder in children who do not have severe learning disability or cerebral palsy".
Some scholars disagree with the lumping of ADHD and DCD, arguing that they are unrelated. Gillberg stated in 2003 that, although he opines that there is a "very real issue of how to deal with the conflict between splitting (ADHD plus DCD) and lumping (DAMP)", he nevertheless feels that "the DAMP construct has been helpful in identifying a group of children with ADHD and multiple needs that will not be self evident if the diagnosis is just ADHD or just DCD." Before the Scandinavian studies, recognition that individuals with attention problems may also have difficulties with movement, perception, and memory had received little attention in studies. According to various studies, half of the children with ADHD also have DCD.
With the development of the ADHD concept, the previous, less precise, category of Minimal Brain Dysfunction (MBD), "a term almost universally employed in child psychiatry and developmental paediatrics from the 1950s to the early 1980s" was replaced. Gillberg began to study DAMP in the late 1970s, when ADHD was still called MBD and the DAMP concept has been adjusted as the term ADHD was introduced and became internationally used. Around 1990, DAMP had become a generally accepted diagnostic concept in two Nordic countries, but when the DSM-IV appeared in 1994, DAMP became considered a redundant term in many countries, since DAMP is essentially equivalent to ADHD in combination with DCD as defined by DSM-IV. Gillberg's four criteria for DAMP are: 

ADHD as defined in DSM-IV
Developmental coordination disorder as defined in DSM-IV
Condition not better accounted for by cerebral palsy
IQ higher than about 50 [Gillberg, 2003: box 1]
According to Gillberg, clinically severe form DAMP (or ADHD + DCD) affects about 1.5% of the general population of school age children; another few per cent are affected by more moderate variants. Boys are overrepresented; girls are currently probably underdiagnosed. There are many overlapping conditions, including conduct disorder, depression/anxiety, and academic failure. There is a strong link with autism spectrum disorders in severe DAMP. Familial factors and pre- and perinatal risk factors account for much of the variance. Psychosocial risk factors appear to increase the risk of marked psychiatric abnormality in DAMP. Outcome in early adult age was psychosocially poor in one study in almost 60% of unmedicated cases. About half of all cases with ADHD have DCD, and conversely, ADHD occurs in about half of all cases of DCD.
As of December 2024, Gillberg has published 780 papers (listed at PubMed) on DAMP, ADHD and related conditions.

Gillberg's criteria for Asperger syndrome
In 1989, Gillberg became instrumental in the publication of the first diagnostic criteria for Asperger syndrome. They are applied in clinical practice due to the adhesion to the original description of Hans Asperger. All of the following six criteria must be met for confirmation of diagnosis:

Severe impairment in reciprocal social interaction (at least two of the following)
inability to interact with peers
lack of desire to interact with peers
lack of appreciation of social cues
socially and emotionally inappropriate behavior
All-absorbing narrow interest (at least one of the following)
exclusion of other activities
repetitive adherence
more rote than meaning
Imposition of routines and interests (at least one of the following)
on self, in aspects of life
on others
Speech and language problems (at least three of the following)
delayed development
superficially perfect expressive language
formal, pedantic language
odd prosody, peculiar voice characteristics
impairment of comprehension including misinterpretations of literal/implied meanings
Non-verbal communication problems (at least one of the following)
limited use of gestures
clumsy/gauche body language
limited facial expression
inappropriate expression
peculiar, stiff gaze
Motor clumsiness: poor performance on neurodevelopmental examination
Gillberg's criteria differ from those given in the DSM-IV-TR. Some scholars have therefore criticized them for "making it difficult to compare with other studies." It has been argued that the failure of some research groups to replicate some of Gillberg's findings "may relate primarily to fundamental differences in diagnostic approach".

Awards
Gillberg has received several awards for his research, including:

Fernström prize,1991
Ingvar Award, 1995
The Ronald McDonald Major Award for Paediatrics, 1998 
Ågrenska Major Medicine Prize, 2001
Philips Nordic Prize in 2004 
Honorary professorship at the UCL Institute of Child Health, University College London in 2008.
The King's Medal of the Seraphim order, 2009
Dahlberg award, 2010. 
The Söderberg Prize for Medicine, 2012
In 2010, the Gillberg Neuropsychiatry Centre, named after Gillberg, within the Institute of Neuroscience and Physiology, Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, was founded.
2016 INSAR Lifetime Achievement Award at the International Meeting for Autism Research
Arvid Carlsson Foundation Major Prize (2024)
The Hilda och Alfred Eriksson Prize from the Royal Academy of Science in Sweden (2024)

See also
Gothenburg Study of Children with DAMP
Rapid-onset gender dysphoria controversy

Notes
Wärngård M. (17 March 2006), "Villkorligt och böter för Gillbergmedarbetare." Dagens Medicin. [In Swedish.]
White, Caroline (10 July 2004), "Destruction of data prompts calls for Swedish agency to investigate research misconduct." British Medical Journal, 329: 72.
White C (July 2005). "Swedish court rules against doctor at centre of row over destroyed research data". BMJ. 331 (7510): 180. doi:10.1136/bmj.331.7510.180-f. PMC 1179809. PMID 16037439.

Selected publications by Gillberg
Journal articles
Steffenburg, Suzanne; Gillberg Christopher; Hellgren Lars; et al. (May 1989). "A Twin Study of Autism in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden". Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, and Allied Disciplines. 30 (3). The Association for Child Psychology and Psychiatry: 405–416. doi:10.1111/j.1469-7610.1989.tb00254.x. ISSN 0021-9630. PMID 2745591.
Baron-Cohen, Simon; Jane Allen; Christopher Gillberg (December 1992). "Can Autism Be. Detected at 18 Months? The Needle, the Haystack and the CHAT". The British Journal of Psychiatry. 161 (6). The Royal College of Psychiatrists: 839–43. doi:10.1192/bjp.161.6.839. ISSN 0007-1250. PMID 1483172. S2CID 196176.
Ehlers S, Gillberg C (1993). "The epidemiology of Asperger's syndrome. A total population study". J Child Psychol Psychiatry. 34 (8): 1327–50. doi:10.1111/j.1469-7610.1993.tb02094.x. PMID 8294522.
Happe, Francesca; Ehlers Stefan; Fletcher Paul; et al. (20 December 1996). "'Theory of mind' in the brain. Evidence from a PET scan study of Asperger syndrome". NeuroReport. 8 (1). Rapid Science Publishers: 197–201. doi:10.1097/00001756-199612200-00040. hdl:21.11116/0000-0001-A166-6. ISSN 0959-4965. PMID 9051780. S2CID 2970614.
Philippe, Anne; Martinez Maria; Guilloud-Bataille Michel; et al. (May 1999). "Genome-wide scan for autism susceptibility genes". Human Molecular Genetics. 8 (5). Oxford University Press: 805–812. doi:10.1093/hmg/8.5.805. ISSN 1460-2083. PMID 10196369.
Jamain, Stéphane; Quach Hélène; Betancur Catalina; et al. (31 March 2003). "Mutations of the X-linked genes encoding neuroligins NLGN3 and NLGN4 are associated with autism". Nature Genetics. 34 (1). Nature Publishing Group: 27–29. doi:10.1038/ng1136. ISSN 1061-4036. PMC 1925054. PMID 12669065.
Ståhlberg, Ola; Söderström Henrik; Råstam, Maria; et al. (July 2004). "Bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and other psychotic disorders in adults with childhood onset AD/HD and/or autism spectrum disorders". Journal of Neural Transmission. 111 (7). Springer Wien: 891–902. doi:10.1007/s00702-004-0115-1. ISSN 0300-9564. PMID 15206005. S2CID 7824831.
Miller, Marilyn T.; Strömland, Kerstin; Ventura Liana; et al. (April–May 2005). "Autism associated with conditions characterized by developmental errors in early embryogenesis: a mini review". International Journal of Developmental Neuroscience. 23 (2–3). Elsevier: 201–219. doi:10.1016/j.ijdevneu.2004.06.007. ISSN 0736-5748. PMID 15749246. S2CID 14248227.

Selected books
Gillberg, Christopher (1981). Neuropsychiatric aspects of perceptual, motor and attentional deficits in seven-year-old Swedish children. Uppsala: Uppsala University. ISBN 978-91-554-1212-8.
Coleman, Mary; Gillberg, Christopher (1985). The biology of the autistic syndromes. New York: Praeger. ISBN 978-0-03-000834-4.
Gillberg, Christopher, ed. (1989). Diagnosis and treatment of autism. New York: Plenum Press. ISBN 978-0-306-43481-5.
Gillberg, Christopher (1995). Clinical Child Neuropsychiatry. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-54335-4.
Gillberg, Christopher (1997). Barn, Ungdomar och vuxna med Asperger Syndrom – Normala, geniala, nördar? (in Swedish). Gothenburg: Bokförlaget Cura AB. ISBN 978-91-972641-6-7.
Gillberg, Christopher; Peeters, Theo (1998). Autism : medical and educational aspects. London: Whurr. ISBN 978-0-521-54335-4.
Gillberg, Christopher (2002). A Guide to Asperger Syndrome. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-00183-0.
Gillberg, Christopher; Harrington, Richard; Steinhausen, Hans-Christoph (2006). A clinician's handbook of child and adolescent psychiatry. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-81936-7.
Coleman M, Gillberg C, The Autisms, Oxford University Press, 2012
Gillberg C, ADHD and its many associated problems, Oxford University Press, 2014
Gillberg C, Råstam M, Fernell E (red.) Barn och Ungdomspsykiatri, Natur & Kultur, 2015
Gillberg C, ESSENCE Om ADHD, autism och andra utvecklingsavvikelser Archived 29 August 2019 at the Wayback Machine, Natur & Kultur, 2018

External links

Child psychiatric diagnoses – Christopher Gillberg – Iriss, 16 November 2007
Philips Prize – Information about the Philips Prize
European Child & Adolescent Psychiatry (journal)
The Autism Puzzle Archived 14 November 2011 at the Wayback Machine (A BBC documentary featuring Gillberg)
An interview with Gillberg in Looking Up (an autism newsletter) 3:12, 2005.
Kärfe, Elinder, and others defend their accusations – "Rapid responses" submitted to British Medical Journal, 2004
"Various responses to Kärfve". Archived from the original on 22 November 2002. Retrieved 21 July 2006.{{cite web}}:  CS1 maint: bot: original URL status unknown (link) Gothenburg University, 2001 (in Swedish)
Riksförbundet Attention supports Gillberg Official web page in Swedish, 21 August 2005. (Riksförbundet Attention is a national Swedish association for people with neuropsychiatric disabilities.)
Riksföreningen Autism supports Gillberg Press release in Swedish. Undated, 2006. (Riksföreningen Autism is the national Swedish association for people with autism and autism-like disorders.)
Letter to the Swedish Chancellor of Justice The Swedish Child Neuropsychiatry Science Foundation. Letter detailing the actions by Christopher Gillberg opponents, the involvement of public figures and the media, and the legal process.
Autism And Pre Tactile Impotency

Title: Agustín Blánquez Fraile
Agustín Blánquez Fraile (Valladolid, Spain 1883 – Barcelona, Spain, 1965) was a Spanish scholar, Latinist, historian and librarian.
He studied at the Central University of Madrid where he got a degree in philosophy and literature, a Ph.D. in philosophy and a law degree. He also carried out doctoral work on the Leonese dialect, publishing his dissertation "Límites del dialecto leonés" in 1907. In 1911, he studied to become a member of the Faculty of Archivists, Librarians and Archeologists. He served in Palencia, Valencia, and then in Barcelona where he was appointed Head of Archives, Libraries and Museums; and also Head of Restoration Services in Girona. In this city, he reinstated the Museo de San Pedro de Galligants, and directed the Ampurias Museum.
In 1943, he was appointed director of the University Library of Barcelona, where he organised numerous exhibitions such as "El Libro Impreso en Barcelona", the "Centenario de los Reyes Católicos", "Libros de Mística", "Estampas y Grabados". In 1945, he began the publication of the catalogs of the Library with the Incunables de la Biblioteca Universitaria.
Blánquez became a professor of the School of Librarians of the University of Barcelona where he taught Latin language and literature until 1962. He was also honorary Professor of Philosophy and Literature at the University of Barcelona. He was temporary director of the Archive of the Audiencia Territorial of Barcelona.
He is the author of the Diccionario Latino - Español (Latin-Spanish dictionary, 1946), his best work, published by Editorial Sopena until 1997. His Spanish-Latin dictionary was published posthumously in 1966.
In October 2012, Editorial Gredos launched a new edition of the two volumes of the Latin-Spanish dictionary in one single 1.744 pages volume.

Works
Diccionario Latino Español (1946-1966, 1997)
Diccionario Español - Latino (1966)
Diccionario Manual Latino-Español y Español-Latino (1958, 1965, 1984)
Geografía Universal (1931, 1936, 1942)
Geografía de España (1934, 1943)
Elementos de Gramática Latina (1936, 1943)
Límites del dialecto leonés occidental en Alcañices, Puebla de Sanabria y La Bañeza, JUNTA PARA AMPLIACIÓN DE ESTUDIOS É INVESTIGACIONES CIENTÍFICAS: Memoria correspondiente al año 1907. Madrid: Hijos de M. Tello, Apéndice 1 (p 67-78)
Historia de España (1931, 1936)
Discursos Políticos y Forenses, Cicerón, traducción, prólogo y notas (Iberia 1958)
Dramas y Tragedias de Sófocles (Edipo Rey, Edipo en Colona, Antígona, Electra, Las traquinias, Filoctetes, Ayax) (Iberia 1955)
Los diez libros de arquitectura, Marco Vitrubio Polión, traducción, prólogo y notas (Iberia, 1985)
Historia de la guerra del Peloponeso, Tucídides, traducción, prólogo y notas (Iberia 1963)
Los deberes, Cicerón, prólogo, traducción y notas (Iberia, 1946)
Los Ocho libros de la medicina, Aurelio Cornelio Celso, traducción, prólogo y notas (Iberia, 1966)
Teatro Completo II, Miguel de Cervantes (Iberia, 1966)
Teatro Completo de Séneca (Medea, Las Troyanas, Las Fenicias, Hércules Enloquecido, Edipo, Agamenon Tieste, Hércules en el monte Eta), Octavia, traducción, prólogo y notas (Iberia 1958)


== References ==

Title: Bundesautobahn 659
Bundesautobahn 659 (translates from German as Federal Motorway 659, short form Autobahn 659, abbreviated as BAB 659 or A 659) is an autobahn in Germany.
The A 659 connects the A 5 Bergstraßenautobahn to Mannheim. Upon the autobahn's completion in the 1960s, the stretch of B 38 along the autobahn's path was replaced, although the B 38 still continues from both of the A 659's termini.

Exit list
External links
Autobahn Atlas: A659

Title: Plestiodon ochoterenae
Plestiodon ochoterenae, the Guerreran skink, is a species of skink. It is endemic to the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero, Mexico. It is named after Isaac Ochoterena.
A 2021 study determined that it is most closely related to Plestiodon longiartus.


== References ==

Title: Blow off
Blowoff or Blow(ing) off may refer to:

Blowoff valve
Blow-off panel, areas with intentionally weakened structure, are used in enclosures, buildings or vehicles where a sudden overpressure may occur
Blowoff, a dance event created by musicians Richard Morel and Bob Mould
A type of extra sideshow act
A type of clown act
Hydrodynamic escape
Blowing off, slang for fellatio
Blow off, slang for flatulence
Blow off, in glossary of professional wrestling terms, the final match in a wrestling feud

See also
Blow (disambiguation)
Blowout (disambiguation)

Title: Ashraf al-Khamaisi
Ashraf al-Khamaisi (born 1967) is an Egyptian novelist and short story writer. He was born in Luxor.

Carerr
To date, he has published three collections of short stories and two novels. His 2013 novel God's Land of Exile was longlisted for the Arabic Booker Prize. Earlier, his short story "The Four Wheels of the Hand-Pushed Cart" won the top prize in a pan-Arab short story competition organised by Akhbar al-Adab.
He lives and works in Cairo, as an editor for Al-Thaqafa Al-Jadida magazine.


== References ==

Title: It's Not News, It's FARK
It's Not News, It's Fark: How Mass Media Tries to Pass Off Crap as News is a book by
Fark founder Drew Curtis. It is a critical look at the mass media industry.

Overview
The book is divided into eight sections, each dealing with a different pattern exhibited by the media industry. Within each section are several specific news stories exemplifying that pattern. At the end of each example, Curtis also lists humorous comments from the original Fark discussion thread which covered the news story. The topics are:

Media Fearmongering contains news stories used to scare the audience. Examples are terrorists attacking, the San Andreas Fault, and the Avian Flu.
Unpaid Placement Masquerading as Actual Article is about news stories which, whether intentionally or not, advertise a product or organization. An example is an article indicating that 90 percent of the ocean's large fish are extinct—an unconfirmed statistic written by an author promoting a book about damage to the environment.
Headline Contradicted by Actual Article are news stories which have misleading or contradictory headlines that are the opposite of what is implied by the article. An example is an article run by the Detroit Free Press titled "Asian Vehicles Rank Low in Survey" which later contained the statistic that 29 of the 31 cars that earned a top reliability rating were Japanese.
Equal Time for Nutjobs is about articles published just to give an opposite side to a story, even if that opposite side has been proven false. Examples include 9/11 Truthers.
The Out-of-Context Celebrity Comment relates to articles which give a disproportionate amount of attention to a comment made by a celebrity, like Brad Pitt's position on stem cell research or the Dixie Chicks' position on the Iraq War.
Seasonal Articles focuses on recurring articles published the same time every year. An example is AAA reports related to increases in traffic during the Christmas holidays.
Media Fatigue refers to stories examined and exhausted past their relevance. Examples would include the September 11 attacks and the Janet Jackson Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy.
Lesser Media Space Fillers are non-categorical articles which consistently reappear. Examples include the coverage of missing white women and hurricanes.

Reviews and press
The book peaked at #12 on Amazon.com's non-fiction bestseller list. It was reviewed positively by Stephen King, Dave Barry, and Chez Pazienza—a former CNN producer.  Despite its success, Slate.com reviewer Jack Shafer noted that it received "scant attention" from the mainstream press, noting that the Tucson Citizen was the largest American newspaper to review it. Shafer suggested that perhaps the book was overlooked because it appeared to fall in the "humor" category, and because "It suffers from more than 100 pages of padding, and it’s derivative of material available on Fark.com". However, the book was more widely recognized in broadcasting, with profiles in NPR, for instance, and on G4TV.

References
External links
First chapter of the book (sample)

Title: Vanessa Williams and Miss America
Vanessa Williams (born March 18, 1963) is an American actress, singer, and fashion designer. She initially gained recognition as the first African American winner of the Miss America title when she was crowned Miss America 1984 in September 1983. Several weeks before the end of her reign, however, a scandal arose when Penthouse magazine bought and published nude photographs of Williams. Williams was pressured to relinquish her title and was succeeded by the first runner-up, Miss New Jersey 1983, Suzette Charles. She was the first Miss America to give up her crown.  Thirty-two years later, in September 2015,  when Williams served as head judge for the Miss America 2016 pageant, former Miss America CEO Sam Haskell made a public apology to her for the events of 1984.

Miss America 1984
When she was 20 years old, Williams was approached by scouts from the Miss Syracuse pageant who had seen her perform while a student at Syracuse University. Despite their encouragement,  Williams was not interested in participating in the pageant. She later changed her mind when she realized that she could earn scholarship money. Although she had never participated in a beauty pageant before, she won the title of Miss Syracuse in April 1983. She then went on to win  Miss New York in July 1983. During the preliminaries for the Miss America pageant, Williams won "Preliminary Swimsuit" and "Preliminary Talent" (with a vocal performance of "Happy Days Are Here Again"). She was then crowned Miss America 1984 on September 17, 1983, becoming the first African American woman to win the title.
During her reign as Miss America, Williams was criticized in some venues for winning. She later stated that "there were a lot of people that did not want me to be representative of the United States and Miss America. And not just white people alone. There were a lot of people who had issues ... I was too light. My eyes were the wrong color. My hair wasn't the right texture and getting criticism for being who I was." She was also the target of persistent racist hate mail and death threats (which she documented in her memoir, You Have No Idea). Thirty years later, when Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri (who was also a former Miss New York and Miss Syracuse) became the target of a racist social media backlash, Williams recounted the similarities with her own experiences, stating that she "wrote a book about everything that I went through, and I spent a lot of time talking about the death threats, the FBI, the sharpshooters ... it was a graver situation and more dangerous years ago—the change that was happening and the uproar because of the color of my skin."
Williams would later comment that she was one of five minority contestants that year, noting that ballet dancer Deneen Graham "had already had a cross burned on her front yard because she was the first black Miss North Carolina [1983]." She also pointed out that "Suzette Charles was the first runner-up, and she was biracial. But when the press started, when I would go out on the ... tour and do my appearances, and people would come up and say they never thought they'd see the day that it would happen; when people would want to shake my hand, and you'd see tears in their eyes, and they'd say, I never thought I'd see it in my lifetime—that's when, you know, it was definitely a very special honor."

Resignation
In July 1984 (two months before the end of her reign), Williams learned that nude photos of her, taken before her involvement with the pageant, would be published without her consent in a future issue of Penthouse. Williams believed that the private photographs had been destroyed; she stated that she never signed a release permitting publication or use of the photos in a public format. In contrast, Hugh Hefner, the publisher of Playboy, was also given the opportunity to publish these photos but turned it down, stating: "The single victim in all of this was the young woman herself, whose right to make this decision was taken away from her. If she wanted to make this kind of statement, that would be her business, but the statement wasn't made by her." A Playboy spokesperson also advised that their magazine does not use "lesbian material".
The black-and-white photos dated back to the summer of 1982 (after her freshman year at Syracuse University) when she worked as an assistant and makeup artist for Mount Kisco, New York photographer Tom Chiapel. At the time, Williams stated that Chiapel said that "he had a concept of having two models pose nude for silhouettes, basically to make different shapes and forms. The light would be behind the models. I was reluctant, but since he assured me that I would be the only one to see them and I would not be identifiable in the photographs, I agreed. He had also gotten another model to agree to this." In a 2012 interview with NPR, Williams discussed these events stating that her mother:

Kept saying, "you're just like your father; you're too trusting". And there's a part of me that, I do give people the benefit of the doubt ... it's also being free ... that was the mode I was in at that particular time, when I took those racy pictures, because I was already in college so you can't tell me what to do. So—I wasn't actually in high school—so my mentality was what—I'm living my own life; I'm a spirited, young woman; I can handle this; I can handle anything. And at 19, you think you rule the world, and you can control things. And a lot of times, you don't.
After learning that Penthouse would be publishing these photos, the Miss America Organization responded by giving Williams 72 hours to resign. Williams later stated that "the heightened spectacle and circus of it all was kind of crazy. I had people saying 'Fight for the crown! Fight for the crown!' and people chanting 'Don't give it up! Don't secede!'" Williams also later noted that the situation was particularly hard on her mother Helen, who felt that she should not resign as Williams had performed her "duties and excelled at everything I was asked to do plus doing 50% more of appearances that were not scheduled because I was the first African American Miss America." Helen was also upset that "the pageant did not come to my support, they felt I needed to resign."
Williams, however, decided to resign, and formally announced her decision at a press conference held on July 23, 1984. The title subsequently went to the first runner-up, Miss New Jersey Suzette Charles, who served out the final seven weeks of Williams' reign.  On September 7, 1984, Williams filed a $500 million lawsuit against Chiapel and Penthouse publisher Bob Guccione; she dropped the lawsuit a year later stating that she wanted to put the scandal behind her. In addition Williams had signed a model release form when the photos were taken, therefore Penthouse had the right to publish the photos.   Ultimately, Penthouse published the authorized photos in its September 1984 issue, which the  PBS documentary Miss America described as "the most successful issue Penthouse magazine ever printed, netting Guccione a windfall profit of $14 million."

1984–2015
After her resignation, Williams rebounded as a recording artist and actress. However, she also faced a long period of what she would later describe as "the betrayal, and the humiliation, that happened to me on a grand scale." Essence magazine concurred stating that Williams was the subject of "public shaming and bullying from the public at large" and The Philadelphia Inquirer noted that her "career and reputation tanked. Overnight, [Williams] went from being America's darling to a national disgrace."

She would also later state that these events delayed her career by about ten years, as "it seemed like an eternity in which I was the punch line to every late-night monologue ... Joan Rivers, whom I adored and met on The Tonight Show during my reign, was particularly relentless. Just when I figured she'd exhausted every possible Vanessa Williams joke, she'd have a whole new slew of them." Williams would also later tell of one audition that she had during the late 1980s for a theatrical role. She was denied the role, however, because "the wife of lyricist Ira Gershwin decreed: 'Over my dead body will that whore be in my show.'" In addition, her parents experienced "an incredible amount of shame and humiliation" and were equally the subject of harassment at the time.
Thirty years after the scandal broke, Amanda Marcotte suggested in The Daily Beast that

we owe a lot to Vanessa Williams for being a pioneer when it comes to showing the world how to recover when you've been unjustly shamed for being sexual. Williams could have slunk off into the shadows in shame, which no doubt many people at the time expected her to do. Williams picked herself up and kept fighting for a career as an entertainer, first by becoming a successful singer and then becoming a well-known comic actress ... Sleazy people tried to drag Vanessa Williams down with accusations of being sexual 30 years ago, but she moved on, showing she had nothing to be ashamed of.
In addition, Williams commented on her ability to persevere after these events in a 2015 interview with Entertainment Tonight by stating that "you can't give up ... you always have to remember what you're made of and not let circumstances get in the way. They might delay your progress for the moment, but you always have to remember who you are, and that will give you the eyes on the prize."

Miss America 2016
Thirty-two years later, Williams returned to the Miss America stage on September 13, 2015, where she served as head judge for Miss America 2016 and sang "Oh How the Years Go By".  After this performance, former Miss America CEO Sam Haskell issued a public apology to Williams, stating:

I have been a close friend of this beautiful and talented lady for 32 years. You have lived your life in grace and dignity, and never was it more evident than during the events of 1984, when you resigned. Though none of us currently in the organization were involved then, on behalf of today's organization, I want to apologize to you and to your mother, Miss Helen Williams. I want to apologize for anything that was said or done that made you feel any less the Miss America you are and the Miss America you always will be.
Williams responded by stating that she did the "best that I could, in my reign as Miss America, from 1983 to 1984."
A few months after the pageant, Williams discussed the apology in an interview with Gayle King, Charlie Rose, and Norah O'Donnell for CBS This Morning. King asked her about the circumstances that led to it stating, "I think many people were touched when the Miss America pageant issued an apology to you." Williams credited Haskell (who was one of her judges during the Miss America 1984 pageant) for orchestrating her return. While both she and her mother initially responded with hesitation to the invitation, Williams finally agreed to participate on the condition that she could sing her song "Oh How the Years Go By" (to symbolize the passing of time since she was Miss America). She did not know what Haskell would say, stating that she was simply told to stand and wait for him during the commercial break that would take place after her song. It was only when he arrived and placed his hand on her back (where she noticed that his hand was shaking) that Williams realized something significant was about to happen. Williams said that one of the most important outcomes of the apology was the positive impact that it had on her mother, who "endured a lot" during that period.
After the pageant, Williams' replacement Suzette Charles stated in an interview with Inside Edition that she was perplexed over the apology and suggested that it was given for the purpose of ratings. Williams had previously commented on the events surrounding her return, stating in an interview with Robin Roberts that "there's a lot of people who feel I should return, so the people who harbor the resentment I understand it but realize that all of those people that were part of the old guard are no longer there." In the same interview, Roberts mentioned to Williams that in the present day (c. 2015), "people now release [similar] things to make a career."
Williams responded: "That's crazy. To think that oh you can look at a scandal and think that that would be good for your career, where for me it took every ounce of credibility and talent that I had and wiped it out."

Notes
Further reading
Articles
"Vanessa Williams: New Miss America (cover story)."  Jet, October 10, 1983.
"Here She is: Beautiful, brainy, and black, Vanessa Williams is by no means your ordinary beauty queen."  Ebony, December 1983: 132–136.
"Ex-Miss America Endures Pain, Embarrassment Sparked by Flap Over Nude Pictures."  Jet, August 6, 1984: 60–62.
"Letters to the Editor: Miss America." Ebony, October, 1984.

Books
Shindle, Kate (Miss America 1998). Being Miss America: Behind the Rhinestone Curtain. University of Texas Press, 2014.
Williams, Vanessa and Helen Williams. You Have No Idea: A Famous Daughter, Her No-nonsense Mother, and How They Survived Pageants, Hollywood, Love, Loss (and Each Other). New York: Gotham/Penguin Group, 2012.

External links
Shin, Annys. In 1983, Vanessa Williams became the first black Miss America, Washington Post, September 14, 2017.
"President Reagan and Nancy Reagan talking with Vanessa Williams during a state dinner for President Karl Carstens of the Federal Republic of Germany in the cross hall." October 4, 1983, Ronald Reagan Presidential Library

Video clips
Miss America 2016

"Vanessa Williams Sings Oh How the Years Go By"—Miss America 2016, September 13, 2015 ("Oh How the Years Go By")
"Miss America CEO Sam Haskell Apologizes to Vanessa Williams"—Miss America 2016, September 13, 2015
"Vanessa Williams and Her Mother Receive an Apology From Miss America Organization"—ABC News, September 14, 2015.
Vanessa Williams | Real Biz with Rebecca Jarvis—ABC News, April 27, 2016.
Post–Miss America 1984

"How Vanessa Williams Endured Her Miss America Scandal"—Oprah's Master Class, Season 4, Episode 7, July 13, 2014.
""Vanessa Williams Reflects on Becoming the First Black Miss America" – Oprah's Master Class, Season 4, Episode 7, July 13, 2014.
"Vanessa Williams at 25—Singing her way up the pop chart"—Journalist Marcus Jones 1988 interview
July 1984 resignation speech

Prep prior to and beginning of Vanessa William's Miss America resignation speech—Getty Images video, July 23, 1984.
First half of  Vanessa William's Miss America resignation speech—Getty Images video, July 23, 1984.
Second half of Vanessa William's Miss America resignation speech—Getty Images video, July 23, 1984.
Miss America 1984

Vanessa Williams crowned Miss America 1984—Miss America 1984,  September 17, 1983
Vanessa Williams performs "Happy Days Are Here Again", Miss America 1984, September 17, 1983.
"Miss America 1984 Vanessa Williams Interview with Bill Boggs"—Bill Boggs 1983 interview

Title: KBBQ-FM
KBBQ-FM (102.7 MHz "102.7 The Vibe") is a commercial top 40 (CHR) radio station located in Van Buren, Arkansas, broadcasting to the Fort Smith, Arkansas, area.

External links
Station Website
Facility details for Facility ID 37827 (KBBQ-FM)   in the FCC Licensing and Management System
KBBQ-FM in Nielsen Audio's FM station database

Title: Thánh Tông
Thánh Tông is the temple name used for several emperors of Vietnam. It may refer to:

Lý Thánh Tông (1023–1072, reigned 1054–1072), emperor of the Lý dynasty
Trần Thánh Tông (1240–1290, reigned 1258–1278), emperor of the Trần dynasty
Lê Thánh Tông (1442–1497, reigned 1460–1497), emperor of the Lê dynasty

Title: Martin Duffield
Martin John Duffield (born 28 February 1964 in Park Royal, England), is an English footballer who played as a midfielder. He played in the Football League for Queens Park Rangers, AFC Bournemouth and Charlton Athletic.

References
External links
Martin Duffield at the English National Football Archive (subscription required)
Harman, John, ed. (2005). Alliance to Conference 1979–2004: The first 25 years. Tony Williams Publications. pp. 231, 235. ISBN 978-1-869833-52-7.
Hendon profile at Greensnet
St Albans City profile at Sainstnet

Title: Billie Jenkins
Billie Jenkins is a fictional character who appeared in the American television supernatural drama Charmed, which aired on The WB from 1998 to 2006. The character was created by executive producer Brad Kern and was portrayed by Kaley Cuoco. Billie was developed in response to The WB's request for a new character, and was intended to expand the show in a new direction for a possible ninth season or a spin-off series, leading to mixed opinions of media outlets.
Billie was introduced as a novice witch seeking training from the series' protagonists Piper Halliwell (Holly Marie Combs), Phoebe Halliwell (Alyssa Milano), and Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan). Her storylines focus on her search for her missing sister Christy Jenkins (Marnette Patterson) and their eventual reunion. She gains the ability to warp reality through the power of projection and is revealed as the "Ultimate Power". Christy and the demonic council known as the Triad manipulates Billie into believing the Charmed Ones are corrupted by their powers but when the truth is revealed, she eventually reconnects with the Halliwells. The character also makes further canonical appearances in the comic books Charmed: Season 9 and Charmed: Season 10 as a friend to the sisters and is referenced in one of the novels.
Critical response to Billie was mixed; some critics felt that she was a strong addition to Charmed while others cited Cuoco's acting and the character's story arc with Christy as signs of the show's declining quality. After speculation about Billie's possible appearance in a spin-off series, it was confirmed all plans for the show were canceled in The WB's transition to The CW. Cuoco later stated that she prefers working on sitcoms over dramatic television shows due to Charmed's demanding shooting schedule.

Development
Casting and filming
When renewing Charmed for its eighth season, the WB required the show to introduce new characters to either sustain an additional season or lead a potential spin-off; the lead actors Holly Marie Combs, Alyssa Milano, and Rose McGowan did not renew their contracts for further episodes. According to Pam Shae, the executive-in-charge of talent, the casting call for Billie called for a young, female actor who would appeal to the WB executives. When discussing the casting process, Kaley Cuoco described Billie as solely based on her physical appearance, saying: "I think they just wanted a blonde on the show." During an interview for the ten year anniversary of the series finale, executive producer Brad Kern clarified Billie was intended to "lighten the load, screen-time wise" for the three principal actors and "bring new blood to an aging show". He felt Cuoco's presence and comedic timing worked well with Combs, Milano, and McGowan. When describing the introduction of Christy Jenkins, played by Marnette Patterson, Kern said he wanted to end Charmed by returning to its initial focus on sisterhood.
Billie was Cuoco's first role in a television drama series. Cuoco stated she felt comfortable working with the other actors and felt she was part of the show since its beginning, noting the warm reception from the cast and crew. Patterson said she had "instant chemistry" with Cuoco and that their connection made acting out their storyline easier.  During The WB's merge with United Paramount Network (UPN) to form The CW in 2006, network executives said there was not enough room for a Charmed spin-off. In an interview with E!'s Kristin Veitch, Cuoco confirmed a spin-off involving her character would not be developed, saying "Charmed is done" and that she preferred to participate in other projects. Brian Krause, who played Leo Wyatt, said that he was confused at the direction of the final season, stating "I don't know if they were trying to groom talent to go on to something else".
Following the show's cancellation, Cuoco said that she preferred working sitcoms rather than dramas. She felt the "18-hour days where you want to kill yourself" did not leave her with enough time to have a life outside of work and the demanding shooting schedule did not allow her enough time to work with Combs, Milano, and McGowan. Cuoco also said she only understood her performance on the show after watching the final cuts of the episodes with the special effects and animations; she explained: "But when you are working, you are waiting and waiting and then things are invisible and things are being thrown, and nothing's in your hand, and I'm like so confused and always asking everyone, 'What's happening?'".
Cuoco  described the character's wardrobe as "cute and fun", and felt that it matched her own personal style. However, she did take issue with the outfits used for the character's magical transformations. She cried when she first saw her superhero costume for the season eight episode "Battle of the Hexes", which originally included a cape. A writer from WE tv listed Billie's superhero look as one of the show's "sexiest and most bizarre outfits". Cuoco said that she also disliked the black vinyl outfit and wig that she wore during her first two episodes.

Characterization and powers
For her early appearances on the series, Billie was identified as the Charmed Ones' protégée. Cuoco viewed Billie as a "little sister" to the Halliwell sisters, and attributed her as "very naive and always getting in trouble". Co-executive producer James L. Conway believed Billie's identity as a novice witch added a new dynamic to the show, while Pam Shae called the character "demanding", "spunky", and "very, very confident" despite her inexperience with magic. Keri Blakinger of New York Daily News felt that Billie developed into a "powerful witch in her own right" over the course of the season.
Billie is the younger of Carl and Helen Jenkins's two daughters. Both of her parents are mortal and her powers were inherited from her maternal grandmother, making Helen a carrier of the genes determining magical ability. Billie has the basic abilities of a witch, including casting spells, performing rituals, brewing potions, scrying for lost people or objects using of a crystal pendant, and communicating with the dead. She also has the power of telekinesis and later develops the ability to warp reality using a power known as projection. She is shown mastering her original powers very easily and adapting them using unconventional methods, such as attaching a large quartz crystal to her computer's mouse to scry through a GPS system. Her telekinesis enables her to perform acrobatic moves, such as backflips. She experiences difficulty using her power of projection due to her fear of hurting others. Billie eventually masters this power, and by the series finale she can easily travel through time.

Rumored reboot and reunion
On October 25, 2013, it was announced CBS, which owns Spelling Television's properties, was developing a reboot of Charmed. Kate Ward of Bustle connected CBS's decision to revisit the supernatural drama with Cuoco's success as "one of the network's most bankable stars" for her role on the sitcom The Big Bang Theory. On August 12, 2014, TVLine's Michael Ausiello announced CBS would not proceed with the reboot.
In an interview with Entertainment Tonight, Milano alluded to the possibility of a Charmed reunion and said; "It seems like that's going to happen any second". Glenn Garner of Out magazine said Cuoco's character should be excluded from the possible reunion. Bustle's Sabienna Bowman wrote the reunion should address Billie's fate following the series finale, arguing the character's future should be "more interesting than babysitting for the Halliwell brood". While Shannen Doherty and McGowan publicly supported the idea of a reunion, Dan Avery of NewNowNext.com wondered whether Cuoco had been asked to revisit her role as Billie. On March 5, 2016, Milano said there were no concrete plans for a reunion in development, but confirmed CBS was still in the process of producing a reboot without the original cast.

Appearances
Television
Billie first appears in the season eight premiere "Still Charmed & Kicking" as a college student who hunts and vanquishes demons while disguised in a black wig and a vinyl outfit. Billie subconsciously calls out to whitelighter Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan) for help. Paige's sisters Piper Halliwell (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe Halliwell (Alyssa Milano) initially discourage Paige from contacting Billie to prevent the discovery of their faked deaths and assumption of new identities, which they did so they could live free of magic. Billie later falls into an Alice's Adventures in Wonderland-themed trap set up by demons Paul Haas (Mykel Shannon Jenkins) and Black Heart (Noa Tishby), who were attempting to lure the Charmed Ones out of hiding and prove they were still alive. The Halliwell sisters save Billie from the demons' illusions and agree to train her; they agree she will fight demons for them and keep their secret. Billie's passion for using magic to save innocent people inspires the Halliwell sisters to reclaim their old identities and resume their responsibilities as the Charmed Ones.
On Halloween, Billie tells the Halliwells her older sister Christy Jenkins (Marnette Patterson) was kidnapped by a demon 15 years prior. Billie's memories are rekindled when she is finding the location of a demon named Dogan (Eric Steinberg) and recognizes similarities between him and Christy's kidnapper. After this revelation, Billie's storylines focus on her search for her sister; the Halliwells worry about Billie becoming obsessed with finding Christy as she takes more risks to get information, such as interrogating and torturing demons. Billie accuses her parents of choosing to forget Christy rather than trying to locate her. Billie's mother Helen (Barbara Niven) gives her Christy's diary, in which Billie finds a pentagram on the last page. The pentagram is a symbol for the demonic council known as Triad (Steven J. Oliver, Seren Oliver, and Leland Crooke). She eventually gains enough control over her powers to travel to the past, speak to Christy, and find her location.
Billie rescues Christy off-screen between the episodes "12 Angry Zen" and "The Last Temptation of Christy". With the Halliwells' help, she attempts to help Christy reintegrate into everyday life and gain control over her powers. Unbeknown to Billie, Christy has been brainwashed by the Triad and has been instructed to turn her against the Halliwell sisters. At this time, Billie is identified as the "Ultimate Power" foreshadowed in earlier episodes as the season's "big bad". The Triad arranges for Billie's parents to be killed by demons (John Rosenfeld and David S. Lee), believing Christy's prolonged contact with them could sway her morality to the side of good. Billie feels betrayed by the Halliwell sisters when they interrogate the demons about the "Ultimate Power" rather than killing them to avenge her parents' deaths. Billie and Christy vanquish the demons and the Halliwell sisters realize Billie is the "Ultimate Power".
During this time, the Halliwell sisters and the Jenkins sisters turn against one another. Christy attempts to persuade Billie the Charmed Ones use their powers for personal gain rather than to support the greater good. Billie eventually agrees with Christy's plans to kill the Halliwells. After turning the magical community against the Halliwells, Billie and Christy battle with the sisters. The confrontation ends with the destruction of the Halliwell Manor and the deaths of Christy, Phoebe, and Paige. Billie uses her powers of projection to travel back in time to save Christy and discovers her manipulation by the Triad. Billie helps the sisters project themselves into the past to vanquish the Triad and unsuccessfully try to persuade Christy to return home with Billie. Christy throws a fireball at Billie and the Halliwell sisters, forcing Billie to telekinetically deflect it back at her and kill her. In the flashforward ending sequence, Billie is shown babysitting Phoebe's two oldest daughters and is referenced as an "old friend" by Phoebe, implying that she regained the Halliwell sisters' trust.

Literature
Billie also appears in a novel and a series of comic books based on the television series Charmed. The narrator of "Trickery Treat", which takes place after the eighth season, describes Billie as "[a]n above-average white witch" and the Halliwell sisters' protégée and friend. In Charmed: Season 9 #5 ("Unnatural Resources"), Paige collects magic from Billie in an effort to vanquish the Source of All Evil. Paige refers to Billie as the second line of defense if the sisters fail to kill the Source, and asks her to protect Darryl Morris (Dorian Gregory) and his family. The comic book issue is about Billie's life after the ultimate battle; she moves from San Francisco to Los Angeles to finish college. In issue 16, Prue Halliwell reveals her bond to the Charmed Ones' prophecy even after death restricts her sisters from achieving their true powers, which made them vulnerable to the Triad's plot with Billie and Christy. In Charmed: Season 10, Billie is said to have called the sisters during their battle with a race of powerful, evil demons known as the Old Ones. Later, Phoebe attempts to call Billie for help after having a premonition of her husband Coop being attacked by Prue, but could not make contact with her.

Reception
Billie has received mixed critical responses following her inclusion in Charmed's final season. Cuoco was described as a "good addition to the cast" by a writer for the DVD review website CurrentFilm.com, and she was praised by CHUD.com's Shawn S. Lealos as a "strong lead on a show already dominated by three very strong actresses". Lealos felt that the Billie and Christy story arc was the highlight of the eighth season, but believed it was not given enough time to fully develop. DVD Talk's Jeffrey Robinson also wrote that Billie and Christy were the strongest aspects of the final season. The characters were interpreted by Sheldon Wiebe of the entertainment website Eclipsemagazine.com as re-establishing a "dark undercurrent" reminiscent of the show's first and second seasons. Digital Spy's Hugh Armitage, on the other hand, viewed Billie as an example of Cousin Oliver Syndrome, a phrase referring to the addition of a younger character to improve declining ratings. Ryan Keefer of DVD Verdict was critical of the addition of the character, writing: "If it hadn't already been established that this was the last season, this event would have sealed the cancellation deal". Billie was mocked by Demain of Television Without Pity throughout his recaps of the show's eighth season.
Television critics responded negatively to Cuoco's performance as Billie. Wiebe was critical of Cuoco's acting, specifically in the series finale, and Robinson argued that Cuoco did not provide a strong representation of her character and was over-exaggerated in her performance. Jon Langmead of PopMatters viewed Cuoco as unable to "generate any kind of life with her character" and found that her "awkward presence and acting call[ed] attention to the show’s weaknesses when in the past, the cast was able to distract from them". Demain responded negatively to the introduction of Cuoco during his recap on her first appearance in the series.
Critics have commented that Billie was a sign of the show's declining quality. Christy and Billie were identified as one of the eight things that derailed the series by Armitage, who called them "the gruesome twosome". SpoilerTV's Gavin Hetherington opined that the Jenkins sisters were disappointing villains for the show's final season compared to Gideon (Gildart Jackson) and Zankou (Oded Fehr) from season six and season seven respectively. Langmead regarded the familial relationship between Billie and Christy as weaker than those already explored by the show.

References
Citations


=== Book sources ===

Title: 23rd Army
23rd Army may refer to:

23rd Army (People's Republic of China)
23rd Army (Soviet Union)
Twenty-Third Army (Japan), a unit during World War II

Title: Anthrenocerus
Anthrenocerus is a genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae, the skin beetles.
Species include:

Anthrenocerus armstrongi Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus arrowi Armstrong, 1949
Anthrenocerus australis (Hope, 1843)
Anthrenocerus bicolor Arrow, 1915
Anthrenocerus blackburni Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus brindabella Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus chalceous Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus concolorous Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus condensus Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus confertus Reitter, 1881
Anthrenocerus convexus Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus corrugatus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus decoris Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus hirsutus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus intricatus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus maculosus Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus micus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus nebulosus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus occidentalis Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus pilatus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus pinto Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus pulchellus Arrow, 1915
Anthrenocerus quadrifasciatus Blackburn, 1903
Anthrenocerus schwarzeneggeri Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus signatus Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus stellatus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus stigmacrophilus Armstrong, 1949
Anthrenocerus terzonatus Blackburn, 1903
Anthrenocerus tessellatus Roach, 2000
Anthrenocerus trimaculatus Armstrong, 1943
Anthrenocerus variabilis Reitter, 1881


== References ==

Title: Buses in Hanoi
Buses are one of the main types of public transport in Hanoi, beside Hanoi Metro, operated by the state-owned Transerco and several private companies serving the city centre and towns in greater Hanoi as well as connecting Hanoi with neighbouring provinces. Buses in Hanoi are easily recognisable with their blue paint scheme, while some others are also painted green, orange and older red-yellow colours. The earliest bus service begins at 4:30 a.m. while the latest bus departure across the network is at 10:30 p.m. Service may be extended to 11:30 p.m. on weekends on select routes. Most Hanoi buses are equipped with an audio system (accompanied with a LED display in certain routes) to announce the stops. LED panels at some bus stops display live route information.

Routes
The network includes subsidized buses, non-subsidized buses, airport buses and provincial buses that connect Hanoi with neighbouring provinces. As of November 2023, the city had 2,034 buses serving 154 bus lines, which included 132 subsidized lines (including airport buses), 8 non-subsidized, 12 provincial, and 2 city tour lines. These lines covered all 30 districts/towns, and 512/579 communes/wards around the city. The city also introduced electronic tickets and planned to replace 4,000 human conductors on buses in the near future.

Subsidized buses
There are currently over 100 government-subsidized bus routes in Hanoi, numbering from 01 to 126. Branch routes of a main route are usually marked by the number plus a letter. For example, 06B runs between Giap Bat Bus Station and Hong Van and shares most of its route with 06. The system also includes BRT and DRT services.
Hanoi officials have been planning to put the compressed natural gas (CNG) buses into service with three new routes in July 2018. However, service only started two months later in September 2018. Seven routes use CNG busses in Hanoi, they are numbered from 157 to 163. Routes 23 (Nguyen Cong Tru), 56B (Vietnam Buddhist Academy) and 146 (Hao Nam) are loop routes.

Non-subsidized buses
Airport buses
In addition to four subsidized routes serving Noi Bai International Airport: 07 (from Cau Giay Bus Interchange), 17 (from Long Bien Bus Interchange), 90 (from Kim Ma Bus Station) and 109 (from My Dinh Bus Station) Transerco also operates two high-quality non-subsidized routes, numbered 68, from Me Linh Plaza (Ha Dong) and 86, from Hanoi Railway Station.

Provincial routes
These routes connect Hanoi with nearby provinces like Hung Yen, Ha Nam, Bac Ninh and Bac Giang, as well as further districts from the city centre like Ba Vi. The fare is usually divided along different sections of the route, and usually mounts up to 20,000 - 30,000 ₫ for a whole trip between the termini.

Fares
Beginning from Nov. 1st 2024, complying with the Hanoi People's Committee's approval of Hanoi DoT's proposal, the new single journey ticket fares for subsidized bus routes are as follows:

₫8,000 for bus routes no longer than 15km
₫10,000 for bus routes between 15km and 25km long
₫12,000 for bus routes between 25km and 30km long
₫15,000 for bus routes between 30km and 40km long
₫20,000 for bus routes longer than 40km
with the fares of non-subsidized bus routes unaffected.
Regular commuters can now purchase a monthly pass for ₫140,000 to use on 1 specific route or ₫280,000 to use on all routes. Students, industrial zone workers and the elderly pay half price for a monthly pass (₫70,000/₫140,000), group pay 30% less (₫100,000/₫200,000).

List of bus routes in Hanoi (Updated June 2024)
City routes
These are routes listed with numbers smaller than 200, with a few special routes like BRT and CNG routes.

Provincial routes (201 and upper)
Distinguished by its large numbering, these routes connect Hanoi with nearby provinces:
202. Gia Lam (Hanoi) - Hai Duong
203. Giap Bat (Hanoi) - Bac Giang
204. Long Bien (Hanoi) - Thuan Thanh (Bac Ninh)
205. Gia Lam (Hanoi) - 5th National Highway - Hung Yen City
206. Giap Bat (Hanoi) - Phu Ly (Ha Nam)
207. Gia Lam (Hanoi) - Trieu Duong 
208. Giap Bat (Hanoi) - Khoai Chau (Hung Yen)
209. Giap Bat (Hanoi) - 1st National Highway - Hung Yen City
210. Gia Lam (Hanoi) - Hiep Hoa (Bac Giang)
212. My Dinh (Hanoi) - Que Vo (Bac Ninh)
213. Yen Nghia (Hanoi) - Binh An (Hoa Binh)
214. Yen Nghia (Hanoi) - Ha Nam
215. My Dinh (Hanoi) - Truc Ninh (Nam Dinh)

Discontinued services
These routes either changed their numbers, merged with other routes or went defunct:

Bus Operations Units in Hanoi
Units of Hanoi Transportation Corporation (TRANSERCO)
- Hanoi Bus Enterprise: 01, 03A, 03B, 11, 17, 23, 31, 36, 40, 52A, 52B, 100, 108.
- 10-10 Bus Enterprise: 05, 13, 20A, 20B, 28, 29, 50, 53A, 53B, 67, 92, 95, 96, 97, 110, 111.
- Hanoi Electric Vehicle JSC.: 07, 25, 27, 34, 35A, 35B, 41, 44, 45, 55A, 55B, 56A, 56B, 109.
- Cau Buou Bus Enterprise: 06D, 06E, 16, 22A, 22B, 22C, 32, 84, 85, 103A, 103B, 117, 119
- Yen Vien Bus Enterprise: , 10A, 10B, 15, 54, 63, 90, 93, 112.
- Lien Ninh Transportation and Service JSC.: 08A, 08B, 09A, 09B, 19, 21A, 21B, 37, 125.
- Newway Transportation JSC.: 47A, 47B, 48, 69, 94.
- Hanoi Passenger Car JSC: 42, 49, 51, 122, 124, 145, 146, 202, 204, 205, 212.
- Tan Dat Center: 06A, 06B, 06C, 12, 33, 39, 62, 101A, 101B, 104, 113, 115.
- Southern Hanoi Passenger Car Enterprise: 04, 14, 18, 24, 26, 30, 38, 87, 88, 98, 99, 106
- Hanoi Express Bus Enterprise: 02, 66, 68, 86, 89, 91, 102, 105, 107, 114, 116, BRT 01.

Non-TRANSERCO units:
- Bac Ha Limited Company: 203.
- Dong Anh Transport, Trading and Tourism Joint Stock Company: 46, 123
- Bao Yen Tourism, Service and Construction Company Limited: 57, 58, 59, 60A, 60B, 61, 65, 142, 143, 144, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 163
- Hai Van International Shipping Joint Venture Company: 43, 64, 74.
- Ha Tay Passenger Car Joint Stock Company: 70A, 70B, 70C, 118, 126, 213.
- Ha Tay Automobile Transport Joint Stock Company: 72.
- Bao Chau Transport and Service Joint Stock Company: 78.
- Vinbus (Vingroup Corporation): E01, E02, E03, E04, E05, E06, E07, E08, E09

Bus live-tracking
Travellers can use a mobile app called Tìm Buýt to find the bus routes between the departure and arrival points. The app is available on the web, iOS, Android and Windows Phone.
The Windows Phone app has been discontinued while the app on Android and iOS is available in both Vietnamese and English.

Hanoibus' brand identity system
Buses are painted with peace bird symbol and Hanoi's Khue Van Cac seal on its body. 


== References ==

Title: NSG (group)
NSG is a British afroswing collective from Hackney East London. The group consists of six members: OGD, Kruddz, Mojo, Dope, Papii Abz and Mxjib  They released their first Album "AREA BOYZ" (2023) an EP, Grown Up(2016) and mixtape Roots(2020), the latter includes their most successful singles "Options" featuring Tion Wayne and "Yo Darlin" featuring Geko.They released their second album,"The Big Six" on the 28th of February,2025.NSG is acronym that has multiple meanings such as: Nipple Sucking Gang, Non-Stop Grinding, Never Stop Growing, No Sleep Gang, and Nigeria Slash Ghana.

History
NSG are a collective of childhood friends who grew up in Hackney, London, attending the same high school at Arts and Media School, Islington. One of the members were students at University of Hertfordshire. The group consists of three artists from Nigerian heritage and three artists from Ghanaian heritage. Two of the members, OGD and Kruddz, are the younger brothers of producer Jae5. OGD is also part of a production team named 4PLAY.
NSG released their first single "Whine and Kotch" in December 2013, and collaborated with English rapper J Hus in 2015. In 2017, NSG released their EP, Grown Up. In 2018, they released the single "Options" featuring Tion Wayne. In 2019, it became their first single to reach the UK Singles Chart at number 7. On 19 June 2020, NSG released their debut mixtape, Roots.
On 9 December 2021, they released an EP titled, Headliner, ahead of their Roots Africa Tour.

Members
OGD (born Dennis Awotwe-Mensah in London – 13 May 1997)
Kruddz (born William Awotwe-Mensah in London – 9 March 1995)
Mojo (born Matthew Temidayo Ojo in London – 31 October 1994)
Dope (born Patrick Jim Brew in Ghana – 15 August 1997)
Papii  Abz (born Abdul-Jalaal Adeyinka Arowosaye in Nigeria – 17 August 1995)
Mxjib (born Ayodeji Mujib Shekoni in Nigeria – 7 July 1997)

Discography
Studio albums
Mixtapes
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Guest appearances


== References ==

Title: United States of Matsya
The United States of Matsya, also called Matsya Union or Matsya Sangh, was a State of India which was formed on 18 March 1948 by the merger of four erstwhile princely states, Alwar, Bharatpur, Dholpur, and Karauli after accession. Shobha Ram Kumawat of Indian National Congress was the first and last chief minister of the State from 18 March 1948 till 15 May 1949. Maharaja of Dholpur became its Rajpramukh.
On 15 May 1949, the Matsya Union was merged with Greater Rajasthan, to form the United State of Rajasthan, which later became the state of Rajasthan on 26 January 1950.


== References ==

Title: Alta High School (Utah)
Alta High School is a secondary school in Sandy, Utah, United States which services students from the cities of Sandy and Draper. Founded in 1978, it is part of the Canyons School District.

History
The school opened in 1978. The modern, two-level brick building is situated on a 37-acre (150,000 m2) site with an unobstructed view of both Oquirrh Mountain and Wasatch ranges.
School is in session for 180 days per year on a traditional 9-month calendar. Students attend four 84-minute classes each day on an alternating block schedule, beginning at 7:45 am and ending at 2:25 pm. The school operates a quarterly schedule.
In November 2017 voters passed a bond that allowed Canyons School District to renovate several of their buildings, including Alta High School. The three-phase project will make the school more energy efficient and let in more natural sunlight as well as structural strengthening and aesthetic design improvements. The plans were designed by Salt Lake City based VCBO Architecture which oversaw a smaller renovation in 2014. The latter project's first phase was started with a groundbreaking on June 7, 2018. The first phase will include a new auditorium, updated electronic marquis replacing an electric light board, new north parking lot, new bus loading area, and a new greenhouse. An open house was held at the school for the general public on April 25, 2018 to review tentative construction schedules and introduce architectural renderings.

Athletics
The Alta Hawks football team won  state championships in 1983, 1988, 2007, and 2008. Alta's boys' basketball team won the Utah State Championship in 1992, 1995, 2003,2010, and 2023. Alta's girls' soccer team was ranked second in the nation in 2006, and is coached by Lee Mitchell, who was named national coach of the year. The team won state championships in 1999, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. The wrestling team won the 4A state championship in 1990.  The Lady Hawks tennis team won back-to-back state championships in 2007 and 2008. The boys' cross country team won a state championship in 2008. Alta's women's basketball team took the 5A State Championship in 2002 and 2011. Alta's women's Track & Field team took the 5A State championship in 2003.
Alta also offers football, golf, tennis, cross country, soccer, dance company, volleyball, debate, ballroom, drill team, cheerleading, basketball, wrestling, swimming, diving, hockey, baseball, softball, track and field, lacrosse, rugby union, ultimate, bowling, and other athletic clubs.

Performing arts
Alta High School has an award-winning performing arts program. The Theatre Department won the 5A State Championship in 2012 and in 2013. Alta's jazz band has consistently received high markings in state competitions. As part of the 2017 voter-approved bond, a new Performing Arts Center will replace the current auditorium. It is taller, not within the center of the building, and has twice as much seating as the former space. It is scheduled to open in March, 2020.

Clubs
Alta offers Key Club, the largest international student leadership organization in the world. Alta also offers Art, Anime, Ultimate Frisbee, Polynesian, Latinos in Action, Improv, Drama, Nintendo, TableTop Gaming, Chess, Robotics, Medieval, and Hacker clubs.

Notable alumni
Robert Adamson – actor
Ryon Bingham – retired NFL player; played for the San Diego Chargers 2004–2010
Kirby Heyborne – actor
Julianne Hough – two-time winner of ABC's Dancing with the Stars; star of Safe Haven
Travis Knight – member of the UConn Basketball All Century Team.; retired NBA player; won an NBA World Championship as a member of the Los Angeles Lakers in 2000
Erin Mendenhall -  former Salt Lake City Council Member and Incumbent Mayor of Salt Lake City
Michele Vasconcelos – professional soccer player; currently plays for the National Women's Soccer League team Utah Royals
Kealia Watt – professional soccer player; member of the United States 2012 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup winning team; currently plays for the National Women's Soccer League team Chicago Red Stars
Frank Maile - assistant head football coach Boise State University
Brecken Mozingo – professional soccer player; currently plays for the National Women's Soccer League team Utah Royals
Heather Stainbrook – professional soccer player; currently plays for the National Women's Soccer League team Washington Spirit

References
External links

School website

Title: Murder Will Out
Murder Will Out may refer to:

Murder Will Out (1899 film), a lost 1899 French silent film by Georges Méliès
Murder Will Out (1930 film), a 1930 American drama film starring Jack Mulhall
Murder Will Out (1939 film), a 1939 British crime film starring Jack Hawkins
The Voice of Merrill, 1952 British film released under this title in the U.S.
"Murder Will Out", a sequence in the 1930 film revue Paramount on Parade
Murder Will Out, original title of an English adaptation of the 1814 French play The Dog of Montarges
Murder Will Out, an 1860 novel by Elizabeth Caroline Grey
Murder Will Out, a 1932 mystery novel by Murray Leinster (as Will F. Jenkins)
"Murder Will Out": The Detective in Fiction, a 1990 book by T. J. Binyon

Title: South African Class 2 4-6-2
The South African Railways Class 2 4-6-2 of 1905 was a steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Colony of Natal.
In 1905, the Natal Government Railways placed two Class A steam locomotives with a 4-6-2 Pacific type wheel arrangement in service. In 1912, when these locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and designated Class 2.

Manufacturer
In 1904, orders were placed with the North British Locomotive Company (NBL) for two 4-6-2 Pacific type locomotives for the Natal Government Railways (NGR). They were designed by NGR Locomotive Superintendent D.A. Hendrie for passenger traffic on those sections of the mainline between Ladysmith and Charlestown which did not have very severe gradients. When they were delivered and placed in service early in 1905, they were designated the NGR Class A, also commonly known as the Hendrie A, and numbered 325 and 326.

Characteristics
The boiler of this Class was noted for its free steaming qualities. The engines used saturated steam, had Stephenson valve gear and were built on plate frames. The cylinders were inclined 1 in 18 and were arranged outside the plate frames, while the balanced slide valves were arranged inside the frames. After these two engines, Hendrie adopted Walschaerts valve gear and outside valves on all his subsequent locomotive designs for its greater accessibility.

The locomotives had Belpaire fireboxes with firebar rocking finger grates. To accommodate the wide and deep firebox, Hendrie made use of a bridle casting along the same lines as the one which was first introduced by H.M. Beatty on his Cape Government Railways (CGR) 6th Class 2-6-2 of 1903, later the Class 6Y on the South African Railways (SAR).
With a bridle casting, the widening of the locomotive frame at the back end was accomplished by uniting the narrow front part of the frame and the wider rear part by the heavy steel casting. This method of widening the frames for the firebox continued on the SAR until the general adoption of bar frames for mainline locomotives by 1927 rendered it no longer necessary.

Service
Natal Government Railways
The two locomotives ran their first trials on 31 January and 3 March 1905 respectively. As intended, they were placed in service between Ladysmith and Charlestown and were shedded at Charlestown. They worked the mail trains on this section for many years.

South African Railways
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, the three Colonial government railways (CGR, NGR and Central South African Railways) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. Although the South African Railways and Harbours came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways were only implemented with effect from 1 January 1912.
In 1912, these two Pacifics were renumbered 762 and 763 and designated Class 2 on the SAR.
They were later transferred to the Witwatersrand for a short period, after which they worked on the Komatipoort-Waterval Boven section until they were withdrawn by 1936.


== References ==

Title: Charlie Gabriel
Charlie Gabriel (born July 11, 1932) is an African American jazz musician who plays the saxophone, trumpet, clarinet, and flute. Gabriel has been a member of the Preservation Hall Jazz Band since 2006. 
Gabriel is the Preservation Hall Foundation's musical director. He has also played in the Eureka Brass Band and in the bands of Lionel Hampton and Aretha Franklin. 
Following his family's departure from his native New Orleans, Gabriel made a career for himself in the Detroit area, where several of his descendants and family members have also become successful jazz musicians in the brass tradition. He later returned to New Orleans, where he joined the Preservation Hall crew.
His first album released as a solo artist, 89, was released in 2022.

Personal life
Gabriel is Catholic and is married to Marsha Gabriel. While in Detroit, he was a co-founder of the Jazz on the Lawn series at St. Augustine and St. Monica Catholic Church.  His siblings include Florence Simmons, August Gabriel and Joe Gabriel.

Awards and honors
OffBeat's Best of the Beat Awards


== References ==

Title: Angela J. Reddock
Angela J. Reddock (born 1969) is an American employment and labor and workplace attorney in Los Angeles, California.

Early years
Reddock's father was in the military, and she was born in Germany before moving to her parents' hometown of Birmingham, Alabama at the age of 2. It was the 1970s in post-civil rights Alabama, and her grandmother, a convalescent home worker and organizer with a nurses' union, often took Reddock to demonstrations. It was then that Reddock first developed an interest in civic and social engagement.
Reddock was nine when her family moved to Compton, California. There, she would travel across town to Brentwood, where she attended private school at the Brentwood School. It was a long commute – even by Los Angeles standards – but the drive showed her the many different faces of the area.
As a teen, Reddock thrived while navigating the different worlds of Compton and Brentwood. After high school, Reddock went to Amherst College in Massachusetts and studied abroad at Oxford University, St. Catherine's College in Oxford, England. Following college, she was a fellow with the Coro Foundation program in public policy and public affairs in Los Angeles. Thereafter, she attended law school at UCLA School of Law.

Legal career and public service
Reddock is a noted employment and labor law attorney, and is the Managing Partner of the Reddock Law Group based in Los Angeles, California. She was a partner with the noted California law firm Carroll, Burdick & McDonough, LLP and was co-chair of the firm's Employment Litigation and Counseling Group. She also was an associate with the national employment and labor law firm Jackson Lewis.
Reddock has been actively engaged in state and local government for more than 20 years. She got her start in politics running for the Los Angeles City Council, District 11 in 2005. At the time, the district was nearly 60% white and had relatively few black voters. Challenging the notion that a minority candidate could not run in a non-minority district, Reddock surprised many by garnering more than 14% of the votes, thereby establishing a name for herself in Los Angeles politics.
Reddock served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Los Angeles Community College District for two years. She was appointed to the board in April 2007, replacing former member Michael Waxman. The Los Angeles Community College District has nine campuses in the 36 cities of Los Angeles County. The eight-member, non-partisan Board of Trustees guides policies and oversees the operations of the district's $600 million budget and curriculum standards.
As a member of the Board of Trustees, Reddock was a leader in helping pass Measure J, a $3.5 billion bond measure that will allow the Los Angeles Community College District to continue to rebuild and renovate its nine colleges to 21st-century green and sustainable standards. Reddock also has challenged proposed cuts to community college funding and proposed increases in student fees in the California state budget.
Reddock has held several board chairmanships, including chair for the Los Angeles African American Women's Public Policy Institute (LAAAWPPI), an organization which trains women to become more engaged in public policy and public affairs, and Ability First, an organization which provides services to individuals with disabilities. Reddock also serves as a Commissioner on the Los Angeles City Transportation Commission and the Los Angeles County Local Government Services Reform Commission, where she is chair of the Taxicab Taskforce. Previously, she was a Commissioner on the Los Angeles County Small Business Development Commission and a member of the State Board of Barbering and Cosmetology.
Reddock is a published author and legal commentator. Her published works include How to Survive Your First Job (Special Editor) and Inside the Minds: Labor & Employment Client Strategies. She also serves as a legal commentator for KFWB "Turning Point Business Minute" and for KCAL-9 and KCBS-2 television.

Personal
Reddock resides in the Los Angeles area.

References
External links
LA Community College District website

Title: Neo-Lutheranism
Neo-Lutheranism was a 19th-century revival movement within Lutheranism which began with the Pietist-driven Erweckung, or Awakening, and developed in reaction against theological rationalism and pietism. 
The movement followed the Old Lutheran movement and focused on a reassertion of the identity of Lutherans as a distinct group within the broader community of Christians, with a renewed focus on the Lutheran Confessions as a key source of Lutheran doctrine. Associated with these changes was an Evangelical-Catholic renewed focus on traditional doctrine and liturgy, which paralleled the growth of Anglo-Catholicism in England. It was sometimes even called "German Puseyism". In the Catholic Church in Germany, neo-Lutheranism was paralleled by Johann Adam Möhler. The chief literary organ of the neo-Lutheranism was Evangelische Kirchenzeitung, edited by Ernst Wilhelm Hengstenberg.

Repristination versus Erlangen school
Neo-Lutheranism developed as a reaction against the Prussian Union of Churches in a similar manner to the development of Tractarianism against the British government's decision to reduce the number of Irish bishoprics. The term has been defined different ways to distinguish it from the Old Lutherans movement, which was a schism in areas where a church union was enforced. 
A distinction developed in neo-Lutheranism whereby one side held to repristination theology, which attempted to restore historical Lutheranism, while the other held to the theology of the Erlangen School coming out of the University at Erlangen. The repristination theology group was represented by Ernst Wilhelm Hengstenberg, Carl Paul Caspari, Gisle Johnson, Friedrich Adolf Philippi, C. F. W. Walther, and others. Repristination theology is more similar to later Confessional Lutheranism. In contrast, confessionalism to the Erlangen School was not to be static, but dynamic. The Erlangen School tried to combine Reformation theology with new learning and included Franz Hermann Reinhold von Frank, Theodosius Harnack, Franz Delitzsch, Johann Christian Konrad von Hofmann, Karl Friedrich August Kahnis, Christoph Ernst Luthardt, and Gottfried Thomasius.

High Church Lutheranism
Neo-Lutheranism is sometimes limited only to the theology and activity represented by Theodor Friedrich Dethlof Kliefoth, August Friedrich Christian Vilmar, Johann Konrad Wilhelm Löhe, August Friedrich Otto Münchmeyer, and Friedrich Julius Stahl, who had particularly high ecclesiology. They were against the idea of the invisible church, strongly contending that the church was an outward, visible institution of salvation. 
They emphasised the ordained ministry instituted by Christ and the significance of the sacraments over the Word as Means of Grace. However, unlike the Erlangen School, this type of neo-Lutheranism did not have a lasting influence on Lutheran theology. Properly speaking, High Church Lutheranism began in Germany much later, with the creation of the Hochkirchliche Vereinigung Augsburgischen Bekenntnisses in 1918, inspired by 95 theses Stimuli et Clavi of 1917, exactly 100 years after Claus Harms' 95 theses.
Neo-Lutheranism is distinct from the term "neo-Protestantism", which is an exclusively liberal theology represented, for example, by Adolf von Harnack and his followers.

See also
Evangelical Catholic
Gottlieb Christoph Adolf von Harless
Fredrik Gabriel Hedberg
Gisle Johnson
U. V. Koren
Charles Porterfield Krauth
Ludwig Adolf Petri
Herman Amberg Preus
Andreas Gottlob Rudelbach

References
Further reading
Lee II, James Ambrose (2022). Confessional Lutheranism and German Theological Wissenschaft: Adolf Harleß, August Vilmar, and Johannes Christian Konrad von Hofmann, Berlin, Boston: De Gruyter. 978-3110760538.

Title: Morbid Saint
Morbid Saint is an American death/thrash metal band from Sheboygan, Wisconsin. The band are well known as having an influence in the genres of blackened thrash and death metal.
After splitting up about half a decade following the release of their debut album Spectrum of Death (1989), Morbid Saint reunited in 2010 and released their first album in 26 years, Destruction System, in 2015. Their third album, Swallowed by Hell, was released on February 9, 2024.

Biography
Morbid Saint was formed on November 1, 1984 in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. The band debuted a demo in 1988 titled Lock Up Your Children, licensed by Edge Entertainment to Mexican label Avanzada Metálica, who reissued it as a full-length album in 1989 under the title Spectrum of Death; however, it was not released other territories until years later. In 1992, they released a fan-exclusive demo titled Destruction System as an advance cassette for a planned second full-length, but never was officially released in latter form. A single-sided demo titled The Black Tape was released later that year containing only four tracks from the Destruction System demo. The band then split-up in 1994.
In early 2010, Morbid Saint announced their reunion with a new line-up, performing various shows in the U.S. and abroad, including the 2012 edition of Maryland Deathfest, Metal on the Rocks in Mexico City and the 2013 edition of the Keep It True festival in Germany. In 2012, the band released the compilation album Thrashaholic, containing both Spectrum of Death and Destruction System in remastered CD-R format, with four new songs and a live DVD in DVD-R format.
In 2014, the band released the live album Beyond the States of Hell, which was recorded live from Beijing. In November 2015, Destruction System was officially released as the band's second full-length album that was originally intended for release in 1992, but went unfinished since then, with new artwork.
By 2022, Morbid Saint had begun writing new material for their third album Swallowed by Hell, which was released on February 9, 2024.

Band members
Current members
Jay Visser – guitar (1984–1994, 2010–present)
Jim Fergades – guitar (1984–1994, 2010, 2022–present)
Pat Lind – vocals (1988–1994, 2010–2016, 2022–present)
Bob Zabel – bass (2010–present)
DJ Bagemehl – drums (2016–present)
Former members
Lee Reynolds – drums (1984–1994)
Mike Chapa – vocals, bass (1984–1987)
Tony Paletti – bass (1987–1990)
Bob Sinjakovic – vocals (1987–1988)
Gary Beimel – bass (1990–1994)
Chris Jacobs – drums (2010)
Randy Wall – drums (2010–2016)
Kevin Koski – guitar (2011–2013)
Marco Martell – guitar (2015–2016)
Cliff Wagner – vocals (2016–2022)
Martin Russell Gesch – guitar (2016–2022)
Timeline

Discography
Studio albums
Spectrum of Death (1989)
Destruction System (2015)
Swallowed by Hell (2024)
Live albums
Beyond the States of Hell (2014)
Demos
Lock up Your Children (1988)
Destruction System (1992)

References
https://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Morbid_Saint/8939

External links
Official website

Title: NAM Air
NAM Air is an Indonesian regional airline based at Soekarno Hatta International Airport in Jakarta, Indonesia. The airline was founded on 26 September 2013, and operates as regional feeder subsidiary for Sriwijaya Air. The airline serves smaller markets not targeted by its parent company.

History
Launch (2013)
The creation of NAM Air was announced on 26 September 2013, originally envisioned as a full-service subsidiary for the Sriwijaya Air Group that was to compete with the Indonesian state-owned flag carrier, Garuda Indonesia and Lion Air Group's Batik Air. The airline's inception was announced by Sriwijaya Air President, Chandra Lie, who dedicated the airline in the name of his father, Lo Kui Nam. 
The airline's full service intentions was later scrapped in favour of being a feeder carrier to Sriwijaya Air, akin to the relationship between Wings Air and Lion Air; under this arrangement, Sriwijaya Air would serve mainline routes, whereas NAM Air would operate secondary routes not targeted by its parent. 
Following the announcement, the airline planned on launching its maiden flight in October 2013. The launch was later postponed due to the pending issuance of the carrier's Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) by the Indonesian Ministry of Transportation. NAM Air acquired its AOC on 29 November 2013 and flew its first testing flight from Jakarta to Pangkal Pinang on 11 December 2013. On 19 December 2013, the airline operated its maiden commercial flight from Jakarta to Pontianak to Yogyakarta with a Boeing 737-500 aircraft equipped with 120 seats in two classes. Upon its launch, NAM Air became the first airline to allow its female flight attendants to use a hijab as part of their uniform on any given flight.

Lifting from EU Blacklist (2018)
NAM Air was included in the EU airline blacklist of carriers that did not meet necessary safety standards to fly to airports in the European Union, and was thus banned from operating in European airspace. It was removed from the blacklist, along with every other Indonesian airline in June 2018.

Garuda Indonesia management (2018–2019)
On 8 November 2018, NAM Air and its parent, Sriwijaya Air, entered a cooperation agreement with Garuda Indonesia, effectively taking over the operations and financial management of both airlines through its subsidiary, Citilink Indonesia. The agreement was made in order to facilitate the financial recovery of the struggling Sriwijaya Air Group through the improvement of operations and financial performance with help of the Garuda Indonesia Group. The agreement was terminated on 15 November 2019 after disputes between the two parties.

Destinations
As of February 2023, NAM Air flies an entirely domestic network to the following destinations:

Fleet
Current fleet
The NAM Air fleet consists of the following aircraft, with an average fleet age of 28 years (as of February 2023):

Former fleet
5 ATR 72-500 (out of service and stored indefinitely)

References
External links
 Media related to NAM Air at Wikimedia Commons

Official website

Title: Revelation Films
Revelation Films is a British film and television production and distribution company delivering visual entertainment via cinema, television and digital platforms.
Tony Carne founded Revelation Films in 1992 as a video and television production business following a career at CBS/Fox, HarperCollins and Simitar Entertainment. Initially a production entity, the company earned two BAFTA nominations for the BBC with Out And About, a regional magazine series. It also discovered a raw drag comedian called Paul O'Grady and introduced UK audiences to his alter ego Lily Savage. A national theatre tour followed and the TV show Paying The Rent was broadcast by Channel 4 and the Paramount Comedy Channel. Trevor Drane joined Carne in 1996 having previously been at First Independent Films where he collected a lifetime achievement award for Dirty Dancing and the Freddie Award at Hanna Barbera during his time as head of that companies home entertainment output.

Production
Revelation Films is currently specialising in true crime documentaries.

Roster includes
British Gangsters: Faces Of The Underworld – Based on the book Faces: A Photographic Journey Through The Underworld by Bernard O'Mahoney and Brian Anderson. Ran for two series on Discovery's Quest channel.
Essex Boys: The Truth – Documentary feature chronicling the Rettendon murders, the aftermath and the emergence of the new generation of Essex Boys.
The Krays: Kill Order – Documentary feature about the life and crimes of the Kray twins, told by their closest allies and bitter rivals.
Gangster No.1: The Freddie Foreman Story – Documentary feature in which Foreman talks about his life and how he became one of the most feared men in London.
The Feared: Irish Gangsters – Documentary feature about the undercurrent of violent and organised crime across Ireland.
The Real Manhunter – Documentary series (Sky Crime) based on the casebooks of former Metropolitan Police DCI Colin Sutton.
The Real Line Of Duty – Limited documentary series (Amazon Prime Video) telling the true stories that inspired hit drama Line Of Duty.

Other productions include
Sir Patrick Moore's Journey To The Stars
Lily Savage Live: Paying The Rent
I Was There
Starhunter Transformation

Distribution
Since 1992, Revelation Films has licensed and distributed television and film on DVD and Blu-ray. It has made distribution deals with the BBC, Channel 4, ITV, CBS Home Entertainment, DHX Media, Discovery Communications, Freemantle Media, Funimation, Kew Media (formerly Content Media), MTV and 20th Century Fox.

Release highlights
Film
Boss N Up (Snoop Dogg)
Conversations With Other Women (Helena Bonham Carter)
El Cantante (Jennifer Lopez)
Stuart A Life Backwards (Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Hardy)

Television
Irwin Allen's The Time Tunnel, Land Of The Giants and Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea
Andromeda
Dirty Sanchez
Dr Quinn Medicine Woman
Goodnight Sweetheart
Highway To Heaven
Lovejoy
LA Law
Rawhide
Holocaust
The Winds Of War
Wire In The Blood
Doogie Howser MD
Two Guys, A Girl And A Pizza Place
Lockie Leonard

References
External links
Official website

Title: Geumo Land
Geumo Land (Korean: 금오랜드) is an amusement park near the base of Geumosan, Gumi, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea. It was founded in 
The park has a petting zoo, a swimming pool, an ice rink, a facility for sledding, and a number of rides. A fire happened in the zoo in 2023, resulting in the deaths of 100 animals.

References
External links
Official site (in Korean)

Title: Hershey Cubs
The Hershey Cubs were a minor professional ice hockey team based in Hershey, Pennsylvania. The team played at the Hershey Sports Arena and dissolved after one season.

History
The Hershey Bears had been members of the Eastern Amateur Hockey League since its inception. In 1938, after winning three consecutive league championships, Hershey was invited to join the newly created International-American Hockey League. When the Bears left, they did not completely abandon their old conference and Hershey Estates, the team's owners, founded a second team they called the 'Hershey Cubs'. The Cubs finished last in the 4-team conference and then withdrew from the league after the season.

Season-by-season record
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against

References
External links
Hershey Cubs Statistics and History

Title: Clearwell
Clearwell (anciently "Clower-Wall" etc.) is a village and former ancient manor in the Forest of Dean, West Gloucestershire, England. A recent survey indicated that the population of Clearwell is approximately 350.
There are mines locally that date back over 7,000 years to the mining of ochre and are known as Clearwell Caves. Later, the Romans mined iron at Clearwell Meend. Iron production expanded in medieval times and peaked in the 16th and 17th centuries, leaving a legacy of fine stone built buildings.
Clearwell Castle, a 'mock' castle of Gothic architecture built in 1728, is located in Clearwell.

History of the village
The village of Clearwell began as a group of hamlets which coalesced to form the village.
It formed around three roads which run down shallow valleys to a central junction. The hamlets on the three roads were Clearwell, Peak, and Platwell, with a fourth hamlet, Wainlete, to the north-west of Clearwell. Clearwell and Platwell had dwellings by around 1300. In 1462 fourteen houses were mentioned at Clearwell and Wainlete, thirteen at Platwell, and sixteen at Peak. Most of the houses that formed Clearwell village were replaced by stone cottages in the late 18th century and the 19th, although several older buildings survive, including the Wyndham Arms which is a substantial 17th-century house.
In 1830 a chapel was built for Clearwell village at the east end, on the road leading to the Forest. It was replaced in 1866 by a new church built by the countess of Dunraven, owner of the Clearwell estate. The countess also built a village school in 1859 and opened a cottage hospital in 1869.

Industry
There were several iron ore mines at Clearwell Meend in the 19th century. These included Old Sling, New Dun, and Old Ham. From the late 1960s Old Ham ore mine was developed, under the name Clearwell Caves, as a mining museum.

Descent of the manor
Greyndour
The first manor house at Clearwell was probably built by Robert Greyndour (d.1443), and probably consisted of a great hall, chapel and 12 chambers. Robert died without male issue and his daughter Elizabeth Greyndour (d.1452) became his heiress. His widow and Elizabeth's mother Johanna Rigge (d.1485) (or Rugge), daughter of Thomas Rigge of Charlcombe, Somerset by Katherine de Bitton, daughter and heiress of Sir John de Bitton of Bitton, Glos.,  under customary usage, retained until her death 1/3 of his lands as her dower, and married secondly Sir John Barre. She founded a chantry in nearby Newland Church called the "Chantry of Robert Greyndour" and left many charitable bequests in her will. She was buried with her first husband in the chantry chapel she had founded in Newland Church. Elizabeth had earlier married Reginald West, 6th Baron De La Warr (d.1450/1),Leaving a daughter Mary West. She married secondly, as his first wife, John Tiptoft, 1st Earl of Worcester, KG, (d.1470), whom she predeceased giving birth to a son, who did not survive one day.

Walwyn
The manor thereupon passed to the descendants of Robert Greyndour's sister Johanna, who had married as her first husband William Walwyn. Their son was William Walwyn, whose daughter and sole heiress was Alice Walwyn (d. 1518), the second wife of Thomas Baynham (d. 1500), Constable of St Briavel's Castle.

Baynham
Alice survived her first husband, by whom she had a son Sir Christopher Baynham (d.1557), and married secondly, as his fourth wife, Sir Walter Denys (d.1505) of Alveston, Glos., Sheriff of Gloucestershire in 1481 and 1492, who apparently came to live at Clearwell as his will was dated at Newland. Christopher's son was Sir George Baynham (d.1546), who married as his second wife Cecilia Gage, daughter of Sir John Gage. Sir George dated his will at Clearwell, 9 June 1546, and was buried at Newland.

Throckmorton
Clearwell was held by the Baynham family until the death  of Thomas Baynham in 1611. His daughter Cicely, by his wife Mary Winter, daughter of Sir William Winter of Lydney, had married Sir William Throckmorton, 1st Baronet, (d.1628), of Tortworth, Gloucestershire, and Clearwell descended to their son Sir Baynham Throckmorton, 2nd Baronet (1606–1664), who married Margaret Hopton (d.1635), one of the daughters of Robert Hopton of Witham and sister of Ralph Hopton, 1st Baron Hopton, possibly through which connection  the manor was purchased by a member of the Wyndham family.

Wyndham
In 1684 the manor was purchased by  Francis Wyndham (d.1716) of Uffords Manor, Norfolk. Francis's grandfather Sir George Wyndham (6th son of Sir John Wyndham (d.1645) of Orchard Wyndham, Williton, Somerset) was an adherent to the Commonwealth during the Civil War and had served as a commissioner for raising the assessment under Thomas Fairfax, in 1644. Sir John's eldest surviving son had married Catherine Hopton, one of the daughters of Robert Hopton of Witham, and the sister of the wife of Sir Baynham Throckmorton, 2nd Baronet. George married after 1631 Ann, the widow of James Underwood (d.1631) of Uffords Manor (alias Egmers), Cromer, Norfolk, from whom he inherited Uffords. He married secondly Frances Davy. His son by Anne was Francis Wyndham, whose son by his wife Frances Davell was  Francis Wyndham (d.1716). Clearwell passed to Francis's  eldest son John (d.1725), then to John's brother Thomas Wyndham (d.1752).  Thomas Wyndham  demolished the house depicted in 1712 by Johannes Kip and built in its place the present neo-Gothic mock-castle, Clearwell Castle, designed by Roger Morris (d.1749). In the mid-19th century, the interior of the Court was refurbished by Caroline,  Countess of Dunraven (d. 1870), wife of Windham Quin, 2nd Earl of Dunraven and Mount-Earl (d. 1850) and daughter of another Thomas Wyndham,  who held Clearwell from 1814 to her death in 1870, to the designs of John Middleton. The terracing of the gardens was probably also carried out at this time.

Collins, Gardner, Vereker, Yeates
In 1893 Clearwell was sold to Henry Collins, whose mortgagees sold it in 1907 to its then tenant Col. Alan Gardner. In 1908 the house was renamed  Clearwell Castle. In 1911, it was  sold to Charles Vereker (d.1947) (later Colonel), under whose ownership it suffered a major fire in 1929 but was restored. Following Col. Vereker's death in 1947, the property  was purchased by Gloucestershire County Council which sold it on to a demolition contractor who removed  the lead roof,  floors and fittings. The Castle was destined for demolition when in about 1952 it was bought by Frank Yeates, the son of a former gardener on the estate, who restored it. The Castle was again sold in the early 1980s and was turned into a hotel. From about 2000 it has returned to private ownership.

References
Sources
MacLean, Sir John, The History of the Manors of Dean Magna and Abenhall. Published in: Transactions of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society, Vol.6, 1881-2,pp. 185-187, pedigree of Baynham
'Newland', Victoria County History, Gloucestershire, Vol. 5, (1996), Bledisloe Hundred, St. Briavels Hundred, The Forest of Dean, pp. 195–231
Forest of Dean: Industry, Victoria County History, Gloucestershire, Vol. 5, (1996), Bledisloe Hundred, St. Briavels Hundred, The Forest of Dean, pp. 326–354

External links

photos of Clearwell and surrounding area on geograph
BBC archive film of Clearwell from 1977
Village Cross - Historic England scheduled monument, shaft & cross Victorian, base & plinth old
Clearwell Cave website

Title: Fran Levstik
Fran Levstik (28 September 1831 – 16 November 1887) was a Slovene writer, political activist, playwright and critic. He was one of the most prominent exponents of the Young Slovene political movement.

Life and work
Levstik was born in 1831 in Dolnje Retje (now part of the municipality of Velike Lašče) in Lower Carniola (then part of the Austrian Empire, today in Slovenia) in a peasant Slovene family. 
Levstik was the first notable writer of Slovene epic prose. Among his most known works are the short tale Martin Krpan From Vrh (Slovene: Martin Krpan z Vrha), which became a classic work of Slovene literature, and the itinerary A Journey from Litija to Čatež (Popotovanje iz Litije do Čateža), the main objective of which is a literary manifesto. In the critical essay Napake slovenskega pisanja, he exposed his views on the development of the Slovene literary language.
Levstik was one of the main exponents of the Young Slovenes, a progressive and radical political group akin to the Young Czechs in the Czech Lands that challenged the then prevailing influence of conservatives, led by Janez Bleiweis, within the Slovenian National Movement. In his late years, he grew closer to Pan-Slavist ideals. 
Levstik and his literary program had a great influence on future generations of Slovene authors of national liberal views, especially Josip Jurčič, Josip Stritar, Janko Kersnik, Anton Aškerc, Janez Trdina and Ivan Tavčar.
The Slovene composer Breda Šček set Levstik’s texts to music.
He died of Bright's disease (nephritis) in Ljubljana after a period of serious mental illness, which included delusions of a religious nature. He was buried in the former St. Christopher's Cemetery in the Bežigrad district of Ljubljana.
The Levstik Award for achievements in children's literature is named after him.

References
External links
Works by or about Fran Levstik at the Internet Archive

Title: Lincoln County R-III School District
The Lincoln County R-III School District is a school district serving Hawk Point, Moscow Mills, and Troy in Missouri in Lincoln County, Missouri. Its headquarters are in Troy.
In 2023, Toyota Motor Manufacturing Missouri gave grants totaling to 230 thousand dollars to Lincoln County R-III and Silex R-1 School District to fund educational programs.

Schools
Troy Buchanan High School (Grades 10–12) (formerly grades 9-12)
Troy Ninth Grade Center (Ninth Grade Only)
Troy Middle School
Troy South Middle School
Main Street Elementary School
Boone Elementary School
Claude Brown Elementary School
Cuivre Park Elementary
William Cappel Elementary School
Lincoln Elementary School
Lincoln County R-III Early Childhood Education Center
Hawk Point Elementary School

References
External links

Official website

Title: Matilde Sánchez
Matilde Sánchez (born 1958) is an Argentine journalist, writer, and translator. Beginning in 1982 she developed a prolific career in the field of cultural journalism. She edited the Culture and Nation supplement of the newspaper Clarín, as well as Ñ Magazine.

Professional career
Matilde Sánchez studied at the Escuela Superior de Comercio Carlos Pellegrini. Her first work was a biography of Hebe de Bonafini. In 1992 she published her first novel, La ingratitud, dedicated to her father and that takes place in Berlin. The subject of travel is recurrent in her work, and according to writer Silvia Hopenhayn, "appears as a fundamental experience" from her first novels.
Her works have received favorable criticism from other writers, such as the Mexican Carlos Fuentes, who rated La ingratitud, El dock, and El desperdicio as particularly notable, and Beatriz Sarlo, who wrote about La ingratitud: "It's a text notable for its intelligence, for the steadfast security of writing without hesitation, and for the ability to exhibit a drama of feelings with the same distance as observing a foreign city." Daniel Link, in turn, described her in his personal blog as one of the best writers of her generation. The writer Miguel Vitagliano opined that El dock was the best novel of the 1990s.

Works
Fiction
La ingratitud (1992). Novel originally published by Editorial A. Korn and reissued in 2011 by Editorial Mardulce.
El Dock (1993). Novel. Editorial Planeta.
La canción de las ciudades (1999). Travel stories published by Seix Barral.
El desperdicio (2007). Novel. Editorial Alfaguara.
Los daños materiales (2011). Penguin Random House Grupo Editorial Argentina.

Nonfiction
Historias de vida (1985). Biography of Hebe de Bonafini. Editorial Nuevo Extremo.
Las reglas del secreto (1993). Annotated anthology of the work of Silvina Ocampo. Economic Culture Fund.
Evita, imágenes de una pasión. Report. Editorial Planeta.
Sueño rebelde. Report about Che Guevara. Editorial Icaria.

Awards and fellowships
1992 (1st finalist) Premio Planeta de Novela for El dock
1994 Guggenheim Fellowship
2003 Knight-Wallace Fellowship (University of Michigan)

Personal life
Matilde Sánchez's eldest son is the rock journalist Valentín Pauls, from her relationship with Cristian Pauls.


== References ==

Title: List of monuments in Birżebbuġa
This is a list of monuments in Birżebbuġa, Malta, which are listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands., as well as Grade 1 scheduled properties from the Malta Scheduled Property Register maintained by Malta's Planning Authority. The latter are denoted by an ID beginning with the letters MSPR.

List


== References ==

Title: Weekly Rest (Industry) Convention, 1921
Weekly Rest (Industry) Convention, 1921 is  an International Labour Organization Convention on limitation of working time to eight-hour day and 48 hours for a week.
It was established in 1921:

Having decided upon the adoption of certain proposals with regard to the weekly rest day in industrial employment,...

Ratifications
As of April 2021, the convention has been ratified by 120 states.

See also
Weekly Rest (Commerce and Offices) Convention, 1957

External links
Text.
Ratifications.

Title: Gap financing
Gap financing is a term mostly associated with mortgage loans or property loans. It is an interim loan given by a bank to a person until they can get money from somewhere else, often so that they are able to buy another house before they sell their own.

Overview
More specifically, gap financing is subordinated temporary financing paid off when the first mortgagee disburses the full amount due under the first mortgage loan. This is normal in a situation involving a permanent “floor-ceiling loan,” where the borrower does not meet a rent-roll requirement, and the first mortgagee funds only a floor amount, agreeing to fund the balance in the event the rent-roll requirement is met within a stated period. In this case, the gap lender is often the construction lender. Where the gap lender has agreed prior to construction to make the gap loan, the document that ties together the construction loan, the gap loan, and the permanent loan is the buy-sell agreement. In this agreement, a special provision is inserted providing that if the permanent lender's rent-roll holdback is not fulfilled at the time for the permanent closing, the construction lender agrees to disburse, at a concurrent closing date, funds equal to the amount withheld by the permanent lender pursuant to its commitment. These gap funds are normally evidenced by a promissory note secured by a junior mortgage subject and subordinate in all respects to the permanent loan documentation. The gap documents usually state unequivocally that, in the event the rent-roll requirement is not met during the rent-roll period, the permanent lender still retains the right on demand to purchase the gap note and discharge of record any second mortgage held by the construction lender. The borrower normally assigns to the construction lender all funds that would otherwise be payable to the borrower in the event the rent-roll requirement is met, with the construction lender agreeing to reassign to the borrower all funds that would be payable pursuant to the rent-roll requirement at such time as the gap loan note is paid in full. In addition, the permanent lender usually requires that the temporary lender and borrower agree that no funds will be disbursed under the gap documents, except at the closing of the permanent loan.
Normally, the permanent lender's rent-roll requirement involves a period that runs from one to three years. However, the promissory note for the gap loan should be predicated on the possibility that the rent-roll requirement may not be met, and the terms should include a period of four to five years beyond the rent-roll requirement period, with a high enough interest rate to prompt the developer to refinance whenever it becomes feasible to do so. With regard to principal amortization, some gap lenders require none, while others require either partial amortization or amortization to the extent that there is net cash flow to be derived from the project.
Because of its prior position as construction lender, the gap lender usually has sufficient leverage with the permanent lender to receive adequate notice provisions and a right-to-cure period from the permanent lender.
Gap financing can also be used in purchase/rehab lending to fill the "gap" between the borrower's down payment, and the amount lent by the 1st lien holder, or rehab lender. Typically rehab lenders will only go to 65-70% ARV (After Repair Value), so if the borrower is bringing 10% into the deal, the gap funder would provide the other 20-25%, and take a 2nd position lien and often a portion of the profit.


== References ==

Title: Taniec z gwiazdami season 6
The 6th season of Taniec z Gwiazdami, the Polish edition of Dancing With the Stars, started on 9 September 2007 and ended on 25 November 2007. It was broadcast by TVN. Katarzyna Skrzynecka and new presenter Piotr Gąsowski were the hosts, and the judges were: Iwona Szymańska-Pavlović, Zbigniew Wodecki, Beata Tyszkiewicz and Piotr Galiński.
On 25 November, Anna Guzik and her partner Łukasz Czarnecki were crowned the champions.

Couples
Scores
Red numbers indicate the lowest score for each week.
Green numbers indicate the highest score for each week.
  indicates the couple eliminated that week.
  indicates the returning couple that finished in the bottom two.
  indicates the winning couple of the week.
  indicates the runner-up of the week.
  indicates the third place couple of the week.
  indicates the couple withdrew from the competition.
  indicates the couple that would have been eliminated had an elimination taken place.
Notes:
Week 1: Only male celebrities' dances were judged in this episode. Female celebrities danced a group Mambo. Mateusz Damięcki scored 33 out of 40 for his Waltz, making it the highest score in this episode. Adam Fidusiewicz got 21 points for his Cha-cha-cha, making it the lowest score of the week and this season. Tomasz & Amy were eliminated according to a combined jury and audience voting, but Jacek & Dominika left the show because of Jacek's injury, putting Tomasz & Amy back into the competition. It was the first time in history of the show the person left the show.
Week 2: Only female celebrities' dances were judged in this episode. Male celebrities danced a group Swing. Justyna Steczkowska scored 37 out of 40 for her Rumba, making it the highest Week 2 score in history of the show. Isis Gee got 25 points for her Rumba, making it the lowest score of the week. Sandra & Michał were eliminated despite being 3 points from the bottom.
Week 3: Mateusz Damięcki received the first perfect score of the season as well as the earliest perfect score in history of the show. Isis Gee and Jacek Kawalec got 27 points, making it the lowest score of the week. Tomasz & Amy were eliminated despite being 2 points from the bottom.
Week 4: Mateusz Damięcki and Anna Guzik scored 35 out of 40, making it the highest score in this episode. Rafał Bryndal got 22 points for his Paso Doble, making it the lowest score of the week. Halina Mlynkova announced her withdrawal from the show due to injury. Adam & Aleysa were eliminated despite being 2 points from the bottom. This week marks the first time in history of the show when two celebrities withdrew from the show. Also two celebrities left the show for the first time in history of the show.
Week 5: Mateusz Damięcki and Justyna Steczkowska scored 38 out of 40, making it the highest score in this episode. Rafał Bryndal got 22 points for his Viennese Waltz, making it the lowest score of the week. Helena & Milan were eliminated despite being 8 points from the bottom.
Week 6: Justyna Steczkowska received her first perfect score for the American Smooth. Krzysztof Bosak got 30 points for his Samba, making it the lowest score of the week. Krzysztof & Kamila were eliminated.
Week 7: Rafał Bryndal received his first perfect score for the Quickstep and Mateusz Damięcki received his second perfect score for the Quickstep. Jacek Kawalec got 27 points for his Quickstep, making it the lowest score of the week. Daria & Robert were eliminated despite being 3 points from the bottom.
Week 8: Justyna Steczkowska received her second perfect score for the Tango. Isis Gee got 25 points for her Tango, making it the lowest score of the week. Jacek & Blanka were eliminated despite being 3 points from the bottom.
Week 9: All couples danced to the most famous songs of Agnieszka Osiecka. Justyna Steczkowska received her third perfect score for the Paso Doble. Isis Gee and Rafał Bryndal got 30 points, making it the lowest score of the week. Isis & Żora were eliminated.
Week 10: All couples danced two dances. Mateusz Damięcki got two perfect scores for his Jive and American Smooth. Rafał & Magdalena were eliminated.
Week 11: Anna Guzik received her first perfect score for the Argentine Tango, Justyna Steczkowska received her 4th perfect score for the Cha-cha-cha and Mateusz Damięcki received his 5th perfect score for the Argentine Tango. Mateusz & Ewa were eliminated despite being 10 points from the bottom.
Week 12: Both couples had to perform three dances: their favorite Latin dance, their favorite Ballroom dance and a Freestyle. Justyna Steczkowska received her 5th, 6th and 7th perfect score for the Cha-cha-cha, American Smooth and Freestyle. Steczkowska got 120 out of 120 points, making it the second person getting the highest possible score in the finale. Anna Guzik received her second and third perfect score for the Tango and Freestyle. Guzik became the 6th winner in the history of the show, having cast 53.5 percent of the votes. This is the first time the season's winner was on the 4th place on the judges' general scoreboard and the second time the winner was not on the first place according to the judges' scoreboard.

Special Star
Average Chart
Episodes
Week 1
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Ivona Pavlović, Zbigniew Wodecki, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Piotr Galiński.

Running order

Week 2
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 3
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 4
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 5
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 6
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 7
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 8
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 9: Agnieszka Osiecka Week
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 10
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 11
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Week 12: Final
Individual judges scores in charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Piotr Galiński, Beata Tyszkiewicz, Zbigniew Wodecki, Ivona Pavlović.

Running order

Other Dances

Dance Schedule
The celebrities and professional partners danced one of these routines for each corresponding week.

Week 1: Cha-Cha-Cha or Waltz (Men) & Group Mambo (Women)
Week 2: Rumba or Quickstep (Women) & Group Swing (Men)
Week 3: Jive (Women) or Tango (Men)
Week 4: Paso Doble (Men) or Foxtrot (Women)
Week 5: Salsa (Women) or Viennese Waltz (Men)
Week 6: Samba (Men) or American Smooth (Women)
Week 7: Cha-Cha-Cha (Women) or Quickstep (Men)
Week 8: Tango (Women) or Rumba (Men) & Group Freestyle
Week 9: Paso Doble (Women) or Foxtrot (Men) & Group Viennese Waltz (Agnieszka Osiecka Week)
Week 10: Waltz & Samba (Women) or Jive & American Smooth (Men)
Week 11: Argentine Tango & Cha-Cha-Cha
Week 12: Favourite Latin dance, favourite Ballroom dance & Freestyle

Dance Chart
Highest scoring dance
  Lowest scoring dance
  Performed, but not scored
  Not performed due to withdrawal

Weekly results
The order is based on the judges' scores combined with the viewers' votes.

  This couple came in first place with the judges.
  This couple came in first place with the judges and gained the highest number of viewers' votes.
  This couple gained the highest number of viewers' votes.
  This couple came in last place with the judges and gained the highest number of viewers' votes.
  This couple came in last place with the judges.
  This couple came in last place with the judges and was eliminated.
  This couple was eliminated.
  This couple gained the highest number of viewers' votes and withdrew from the competition.
  This couple withdrew from the competition.
  This couple would have been eliminated but was not eliminated due to other couple's withdrawal.
  This couple won the competition.
  This couple came in second in the competition.
  This couple came in third in the competition.

Audience voting results
Rating Figures
References
External links
(in Polish) Official Site - Taniec z gwiazdami
(in Polish) Taniec z gwiazdami on Polish Wikipedia

Title: Bašaid
Bašaid (Serbian Cyrillic: Башаид) is a village located in the Kikinda municipality, in the North Banat District of the Republic of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has an ethnic Serb majority (89.15%) and a population of 3,503 (2002 census). Administratively, the settlement of Bikač is also classified as part of Bašaid.

Ethnic groups (2002 census)
Serbs = 3,123 (89.15%)
Romani = 179 (5.11%)
Hungarians = 100 (2.86%)
Yugoslavs = 23 (0.66%)
Macedonians = 12 (0.34%)
others.

Historical population
1961: 4,367
1971: 3,982
1981: 3,864
1991: 3,741
2002: 3,503

References
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.

See also
List of places in Serbia
List of cities, towns and villages in Vojvodina
Bikač

Title: Waqas Ahmed (cricketer, born 1992)
Waqas Ahmed (born 11 March 1992) is a Pakistani cricket coach and former first-class cricketer who played for Karachi.

Domestic career
He was the leading wicket-taker for Lahore Whites in the 2017–18 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy, with 52 dismissals in nine matches. 
In September 2019, he was named in Northern's squad for the 2019–20 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy tournament.

Coaching career
Since his retirement he has gone into coaching, including being the bowling coach of the Lahore Qalandars for the 2023 PSL.

References
External links
Waqas Ahmed at ESPNcricinfo

Title: Weder
Weder is a German language surname. It stems from the male given name Withar – and may refer to:

Christoph Weder (1966), Swiss chemist
Donald Weder (1947), American inventor and businessman
Gustav Weder (1961), Swiss bobsledder

Andrew Weder (1963), American Special Effects Coordinator


== References ==

Title: Aristion (physician)
Aristion (Ancient Greek: Ἀριστίων) was a surgeon of ancient Greece, probably belonging to the Alexandria School of Medicine. He was the son of Pasicrates, who belonged to the same profession. Nothing is known of the events of his life; with respect to his date, he may be conjectured to have lived in the second or first century BC, as he lived after Nymphodorus, and before Heliodorus.

References

 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Greenhill, William Alexander (1870). "Aristion (2)". In Smith, William (ed.). Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology. Vol. 1. p. 298.

Title: Thiago David Olson
Thiago David Olson (born 1989) is a venture capitalist, electrical engineer and entrepreneur. Olson is the co-founder and CEO of Stratos Technologies, Inc., creators of the Stratos Card. As an electrical engineer Olson became known as a teenager for his research in Nuclear Fusion and Neutron Sciences. As a 17-year-old, attending Stoney Creek High School in Rochester Hills, Michigan, Olson created a homemade nuclear fusion reactor. In his article Neutron activation analysis using an inertial electrostatic confinement fusion device he indicated that his apparatus did not produce surplus energy.
For this work, he received a first place Special Award given by the AVS/VTD in 2007 in connection with a second place prize in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair 2007, section Physics and Astronomy
He studied at Vanderbilt University and Princeton University. In 2009, he was one of three students to receive a Department of Defense SMART Fellowship, which supports students who demonstrate interest in conducting applied research.
Olson previously worked as an electrical engineer at the U.S. Department of Defense.
The minor planet 23262 Thiagoolson has been named after Olson for his research in nuclear fusion and neutron sciences.

References
External links
Teen builds basement nuclear reactor, Popular Science - YouTube
https://www.fastcompany.com/3043133/genius-who-built-a-nuclear-fusion-reactor-at-17-takes-on-the-payments-industry

Title: Aporhytisma
Aporhytisma is a monotypic genus of fungi within the Diaporthaceae family. It contains the sole species Aporhytisma urticae.

External links
Aporhytisma  in Index Fungorum

Title: Charlie Fulton (Canadian football)
Charles Fulton (born 1947) is an American former professional football quarterback who played two seasons with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was selected by the Boston Patriots in the sixteenth round of the 1968 NFL draft. He played college football at the University of Tennessee.

Early life
Charles Fulton was born in 1947. He attended Whitehaven High School in Memphis, Tennessee. According to The Commercial Appeal, he received 20 scholarship offers from major colleges.

College career
Fulton was a member of the Tennessee Volunteers of the University of Tennessee from 1964 to 1967 and a three-year letterman from 1965 to 1967. He opened the 1965 season as the team's starting quarterback. He rushed 118 times for 298 yards and two touchdowns in 1965 while also completing 29 of 59 passes (49.2%) for 425 yards, four touchdowns, and five interceptions. In 1966, he totaled 109	carries for 463	yards and two touchdowns, 10 receptions for 102 yards, and two completions on six passing attempts for 46 yards and one interception. The Associated Press named Fulton second-team All-SEC as a running back for the 1966 season. As a senior in 1967, Fulton recorded 69 rushing attempts for 328 yards and two touchdowns, four catches for 20 yards, and 12 completions on 19 passing attempts (63.2%) for 177 yards. The 1967 Volunteers were recognized as national champions by Litkenhous.

Professional career
Fulton was selected by the Boston Patriots in the 16th round, with the 413th overall pick, of the 1968 AFL draft but did not sign with them.

He instead signed with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League in 1968. On September 13, 1968, the Edmonton Journal reported that Fulton had "taken a stranglehold" on the starting quarterback job after leading the Eskimos to two upset victories against the Calgary Stampeders and Ottawa Rough Riders in his first two professional starts. Overall, he played in all 16 games for the Eskimos during the 1968 season, completing 52	of 119 passes (43.7%) for 729 yards, one touchdown, and seven interceptions while rushing 66 times for 297 yards and two touchdowns. He also caught five passes for 48 yards, returned two kicks for 37 yards, and fumbled three times, losing one of them. Six of his interceptions were thrown against the Rough Riders on September 27 in a rainy game. The Eskimos finished the season with an 8–7–1 record and lost in the Western semifinal to the Calgary Stampeders. Fulton appeared in 14 games during the 1969 season, totaling 47 completions on 104 passing attempts (45.2%) for 611 yards, one touchdown, and 12 interceptions, 25	carries for 151 yards, three receptions for 22 yards, and two lost fumbles. The Eskimos finished the year with a 5–11 record. He also spent time at defensive back in 1969. He was released on July 27, 1970.

References
External links
Stats Crew profile
College stats

Title: John Holdren
John Paul Holdren (born March 1, 1944) is an American scientist who served as the senior advisor to President Barack Obama on science and technology issues through his roles as assistant to the president for science and technology, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, and co-chair of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST).
Holdren was previously the Teresa and John Heinz Professor of Environmental Policy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, director of the Science, Technology, and Public Policy Program at the School's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, and director of the Woods Hole Research Center.

Early life and education
Holdren was born in Sewickley, Pennsylvania and grew up in San Mateo, California. He trained in aeronautics, astronautics and plasma physics and earned a bachelor's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1965 and a Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1970 supervised by Oscar Buneman.

Career
Holdren taught at Harvard for 13 years and at the University of California, Berkeley for more than two decades. His work has focused on the causes and consequences of global environmental change, population control, energy technologies and policies, ways to reduce the dangers from nuclear weapons and materials, and science and technology policy. He has also taken measures to contextualize the United States' current energy challenge, noting the role that nuclear energy could play.

Holdren was involved in the famous Simon–Ehrlich wager in 1980. He, along with two other scientists helped Paul R. Ehrlich establish the bet with Julian Simon, in which they bet that the price of five key metals would be higher in 1990. The bet was centered around a disagreement concerning the future scarcity of resources in an increasingly polluted and heavily populated world. Ehrlich and Holdren lost the bet, when the price of metals had decreased by 1990.
In 1981, Holdren was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship (informally known as the "genius award") for his efforts to promote world peace through energy management.
Holdren was chair of the Executive Committee of the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs from 1987 until 1997 and delivered the Nobel Peace Prize acceptance lecture on behalf of Pugwash Conferences in December 1995. From 1993 until 2003, he was chair of the Committee on International Security and Arms Control of the National Academy of Sciences, and co-chairman of the bipartisan National Committee on Energy Policy from 2002 until 2007. Holdren was elected President of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) (2006–2007), and served as board Chairman (2007–2008). He was the founding chair of the advisory board for Innovations, a quarterly journal about entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges published by MIT Press, and has written and lectured extensively on the topic of global warming.
Holdren was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering (2000) for articulation of energy environmental and proliferation issues.
Holdren served as one of President Bill Clinton's science advisors (PCAST) from 1994 to 2001. Eight years later, President Barack Obama nominated Holdren for the position of science advisor and director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy in December 2008, and he was confirmed on March 19, 2009, by a unanimous vote in the Senate. He testified to the nomination committee that he does not believe that government should have a role in determining optimal population size and that he never endorsed forced sterilization.

Writings
Overpopulation was an early concern and interest. In a 1969 article, Holdren and co-author Paul R. Ehrlich argued, "if the population control measures are not initiated immediately, and effectively, all the technology man can bring to bear will not fend off the misery to come." In 1973, Holdren encouraged a decline in fertility to well below replacement in the United States, because "210 million now is too many and 280 million in 2040 is likely to be much too many." (The population of the US was 327.2 million in 2018.) In 1977, Paul R. Ehrlich, Anne H. Ehrlich, and Holdren co-authored the textbook Ecoscience: Population, Resources, Environment.
Other early publications include Energy (1971), Human Ecology (1973), Energy in Transition (1980), Earth and the Human Future (1986), Strategic Defenses and the Future of the Arms Race (1987), Building Global Security Through Cooperation (1990), and Conversion of Military R&D (1998).
Holdren also authored over 200 articles and papers and has co-authored and co-edited some 20 books and book-length reports including:

Science in the White House. Science, May 2009, 567.
Policy for Energy Technology Innovation. Acting in Time on Energy Policy, (with Laura Diaz Anadon, Max H. Bazerman, David T. Ellwood, Kelly Sims Gallagher, William H. Hogan, Henry Lee, and Daniel Schrag), Brookings Institution Press, 2009.
The Future of Climate Change Policy: The U.S.'s Last Chance to Lead. Scientific American 2008 Earth 3.0 Supplement. October 13, 2008, 20–21.
Convincing the Climate Change Skeptics. The Boston Globe, August 4, 2008.
Ending the Energy Stalemate: A Bipartisan Strategy To Meet America's Energy Challenges. Presentation at the National Academies 2008 Energy Summit, Washington, D.C., March 14, 2008.
Global Climatic Disruption: Risks and Opportunities. Presentation at Investor Summit on Climate Risk, New York, February 14, 2008.
Meeting the Climate-Change Challenge. The John H. Chafee Memorial Lecture, National Council for Science and the Environment, Washington, D.C., January 17, 2008.

Personal life
Holdren lives in Falmouth, Massachusetts, with his wife, biologist Cheryl E. Holdren (formerly Cheryl Lea Edgar), with whom he has two children and five grandchildren.

Affiliations and awards
MacArthur Fellow (1981)
Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1983)
Fellow of the American Physical Society (1988) 
Member of the National Academy of Sciences (1991)
Volvo Environment Prize (1993 with Paul Ehrlich)
Kaul Foundation Award in Science and Environmental Policy (1999)
Member of the  National Academy of Engineering (2000)
Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement (2000)
7th Annual Heinz Award in Public Policy (2001)
Member of the American Philosophical Society (2015)
Lawrence S. Huntington Environmental Prize (2017)
Public Welfare Medal from National Academy of Sciences

References
External links

Biography at the Office of Science and Technology Policy
Appearances on C-SPAN
John Holdren collected news and commentary at The New York Times
John Holdren at Harvard Kennedy School's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs
Holdren's Faculty page Archived 2011-09-22 at the Wayback Machine at Harvard University
Presidential Address: Science and Technology for Sustainable Well-Being  in Science 25.January.2008 Vol. 319. no. 5862, pp. 424 – 434
The New Team: John P. Holdren, profile at The New York Times
John Holdren Speech at the Harvard Kennedy School Forum "Global Climate Disruption: What do we know? What should we do?"
Lead essay for Innovations journal (Vol. 1, No. 2) "The Energy Innovation Imperative: Addressing Oil Dependence, Climate Change, and Other 21st Century Energy Challenges"
snippets of Holdren answering questions from the House of Representatives

Title: Ravet
Ravet may refer to:

Places
Ravet, Pune, a village near Pune, Maharashtra, India
Ravet, Raigarh, a village in Raigarh district, Maharashtra, India

People
Ward de Ravet, Belgian actor
Yoric Ravet, French footballer

Other
Ravet (river), a tributary of the river Aube, France.

Title: Sally McBrearty
Sally McBrearty was an American paleoanthropologist and Paleolithic archaeologist. She was a professor and head of the anthropology department at the University of Connecticut.

Education and career
McBrearty studied at the University of California, Berkeley and the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, completing her PhD at Illinois in 1986. She joined the University of Connecticut in 1994, was appointed a professor in 2002, and head of the department of anthropology in 2008. Previously, she held positions at Brandeis University, Yale University, and the College of William & Mary.
She was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2007.

Research
Middle Stone Age in Africa
McBrearty's work on the Middle Stone Age (MSA) in Africa helped kickstart a paradigm shift in the understanding of modern human behavior. With colleague Alison S. Brooks, McBrearty published "The revolution that wasn't: a new interpretation of the origin of modern human behavior," one of the most-cited papers in the history of Paleolithic archaeology. This paper argued that behavioral modernity arose in Africa over a long period of time, and that it is visible very early in the MSA archaeological record. This view challenged European-centric models for human evolution that argued for a sudden appearance of behavioral modernity in Europe during the Upper Paleolithic.

Chimpanzee evolution
McBrearty and her colleague Nina Jablonski are credited with the discovery of the first known chimpanzee fossils. McBrearty collected the first fossil, a molar tooth, during her surveys at Kapthurin in the East African Rift Valley in 2004, and immediately suspected that it belonged to an ape. Joblonski, a specialist in monkey fossils, then examined the tooth and positively identified it as chimpanzee. She also found a second example, an incisor, in the same collection. The following year McBrearty's team returned to Kapthurin and discovered a further two fossil chimpanzee teeth. They believe that all four teeth belonged to the same individual.
McBrearty and Jablonski announced the discovery in a paper in Nature in 2005. As well as being the first known chimpanzee fossils, the teeth were the first fossils of modern, non-human apes found in Africa. Dating to around 500,000 years ago, they were also discovered outside the range of modern chimpanzees, overturning a previous idea that the Rift Valley was a barrier to the species. McBrearty has proposed that fossils of chimpanzees are scarce because their preferred habitat—the wet jungles of Central and West Africa—experience poor conditions for preservation. Researchers did not expect to find the ancestors of chimpanzees in the drier savannahs of the Rift Valley, typically seen as the ecological niche of archaic humans, but McBrearty believes that there are more examples there because of the better preservation.

Personal life
McBrearty lived in Glastonbury, Connecticut. She was married to Andrew Hill, also a paleoanthropologist, until his death in 2015.

References
External links
Personal website

Title: Kim Ki-nam (politician)
Kim Ki-nam (Korean: 김기남; 28 August 1929 – 7 May 2024) was a North Korean official. He served as Vice Chairman (previously Secretary) of the Workers' Party of Korea, and Director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department from 1989 until 2017, responsible for coordinating the country's press, media, fine arts, and publishing to support government policy. He was also a vice-chairman of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland, in which capacity he led numerous visits to the South, and served several terms in the Supreme People's Assembly, to which he was first elected in November 1977.

Biography
Kim Ki-nam was born in Anda, Heilongjiang, China on 28 August 1929.
A graduate from the Kim Il-sung University and Soviet party schools, at first he worked in foreign affairs (being North Korea's ambassador to Beijing in the early 1950s) before moving to the Propaganda and Agitation Department where he became deputy director in 1966. In 1974, he was appointed editor of the Party's theoretical magazine, Kulloja, and in 1976 he was promoted to editor-in-chief of Rodong Sinmun. He is credited with having produced articles and essays creating the cult of Kim Jong-il and praising Kim Il-sung's historic role. He was elected to the 6th Central Committee at the 6th Party Congress in October 1980, director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department in April 1985 and simultaneously secretary for propaganda and party history in 1992.
Kim Ki-nam was the party's propaganda boss and key author of the country's political slogans during Kim Jong-il's regime. He was given a role in ensuring Kim Jong-un's succession drive and appointed to the 6th Politburo in September 2010.
He was one of the very few North Korean officials to have visited South Korea, leading a funeral delegation in 2009 after the death of president Kim Dae-jung.
He was also one of the only two civilian officials who accompanied Kim Jong-il's coffin during his funeral in December 2011, the other being Choe Thae-bok.
He was given a seat in the State Affairs Commission in June 2016 when it was established. He was replaced in October 2017 by Pak Kwang-ho in all his functions at a Central Committee plenum due to his retirement.
In 2016, he was placed under sanctions by the United States government.
Kim was hospitalized with multiple organ failure in April 2022, and died on 7 May 2024 at the age of 94.

Works
Kim Ki-nam (February 1989). "Fundamental Changes Brought About in Party Ideological Work Under the Banner of Converting the Whole Society to the Chuche Ideology" (PDF). Kulloja (2). OCLC 9516938.

Links
Photo of grave

See also

Politics of North Korea


== References ==

Title: Aprilia AF1 250
The Aprilia AF1 250 is a racing motorcycle, designed, developed, and built by Aprilia for the 250cc class in Grand Prix motorcycle racing, between 1985 and 1990. Loris Reggiani famously won the 1987 San Marino Grand Prix with this bike.


== References ==

Title: Westlake station (Sound Transit)
Westlake station is a light rail station that is part of the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel in Seattle, Washington, United States. The station is located under Pine Street between 3rd and 6th avenues in Downtown Seattle, near Westlake Center and Westlake Park. It is served by the 1 Line, part of Sound Transit's Link light rail system, and also connected above ground by buses at several stops, the South Lake Union Streetcar, and the Seattle Center Monorail.
Westlake station consists of two underground side platforms, connected to the surface by entrances and a mezzanine level served by nearby department stores. It is situated between Symphony station to the south, and the former Convention Place station to the north; Convention Place was only served by buses, however, and Capitol Hill station is the next northbound light rail station. The transit tunnel was built in the 1980s by King County Metro and opened for bus-only service on September 15, 1990. The tunnel was closed from 2005 to 2007 for a major renovation to prepare for light rail service, which began on July 18, 2009.
Link light rail trains terminated at Westlake until the opening of the University Link Extension on March 19, 2016; the tunnel became train-only in March 2019. Trains serve the station twenty hours a day on most days; the headway between light rail trains is six minutes during peak periods, with less frequent service at other times. A second downtown tunnel is planned to be built in 2030, with a transfer at Westlake station for traffic continuing towards South Lake Union and Ballard.

Location
Westlake station is located on Pine Street between 3rd and 6th avenues in Downtown Seattle's retail and office district. The station is at the north end of Downtown Seattle, near the Denny Triangle area, and is within walking distance of the Pike Place Market Historic District. According to the Puget Sound Regional Council, the area within 1⁄2 mile (0.8 km) of the station has an estimated population of 15,171 people (in 12,995 total housing units, mostly in multifamily buildings) and approximately 91,055 jobs.
The station and its entrances are adjacent to the Westlake Center shopping mall, Westlake Park, Pacific Place, the Nordstrom flagship store, and the former regional flagship of Macy's (formerly The Bon Marché). Pike Place Market is located to the west of the station, while the Seattle Convention Center is four blocks to the east. Amazon is headquartered several blocks north of the station in the Denny Triangle area.

History
Background and earlier proposals
The Pine Street area of Downtown Seattle was regraded for development from 1903 to 1906, as part of the citywide regrading program. The newly regraded area was part of urban planner Virgil Bogue's 1911 comprehensive plan for Seattle, envisioning a civic center to the north and several subway lines converging at the intersection of Pine Street and 3rd Avenue. The subway lines would continue outwards to serve the civic center, Capitol Hill, Downtown (modern-day Pioneer Square), and the waterfront; the stations would also include additional entrances from within department stores and other large buildings. The plan was rejected by voters on March 5, 1912, and a 3rd Avenue subway passing through the area was unsuccessfully proposed twice in the 1920s.
The regraded area was developed into the city's retailing neighborhood in the 1920s, with the construction of large department stores for The Bon Marché, Frederick & Nelson, and Nordstrom on Pine Street between 3rd and 6th avenues. A second major rapid transit plan was proposed by the Forward Thrust Committee in the 1960s, to be built by 1985, and was put before voters. It called for a subway station on 3rd Avenue between Pine and Pike streets, designed with underground connections to major stores, would be served by two routes continuing north to Ballard (via Lower Queen Anne) and Lake City (via Capitol Hill and the University District). The ballot measure required a supermajority to support bonding to augment $385 million in local funding with $765 million from the Urban Mass Transportation Administration, but failed to reach the 60 percent threshold in 1968; a second attempt in 1970 yielded the same result, ending the planned system. The failure of the Forward Thrust ballot measures led to the creation of Metro Transit in 1972, who were tasked with operating bus service across King County and planning for a regional rapid transit system.

Bus tunnel
Metro Transit began planning a bus-based transit system through downtown Seattle in the 1970s, including a transit mall, tunnel, or bus terminal in the Westlake area. Metro approved construction of a downtown bus tunnel in 1983, selecting Pine Street and 4th Avenue as the site of one of the stations. The station would be integrated with a planned shopping mall on Pine Street, with underground walkways connecting to nearby department stores.
The Pine Street segment of the tunnel would be dug cut-and-cover and require a long-term closure of the street between 4th Avenue and 9th Avenue. SCI Contractors of Calgary was awarded the $74.5 million contract for the Pine Street segment, including the construction of Westlake and Convention Place stations, in February 1987. On April 27, 1987, Pine Street was closed to non-bus traffic, and construction of Westlake station's 400 pilings and outer walls began. Excavation of the tunnel on Pine Street was completed in late August, allowing for concrete pouring to begin. Pine Street was briefly re-opened for the Christmas shopping season, from November 2 to January 4, at the request of downtown merchants; the excavated tunnel was backfilled and given a temporary surface for automobile traffic. A pair of tunnel boring machines arrived at Westlake station in the spring of 1988 after completing the 3rd Avenue segment of the bus tunnel; the machines were partially salvaged, leaving the outer shells in place to form part of the tunnel walls. Pine Street was re-opened to traffic on November 1, 1988, coinciding with the opening of Westlake Center and Westlake Park. Excavation and concrete pouring in Westlake station were completed in December 1988, leaving major work on the mezzanine level left to finish.
Westlake station, along with Pioneer Square station, was at the center of a controversy during its construction due to the use of granite from South Africa, then under a Metro boycott against Apartheid rule. After the granite's origins were discovered, the materials were returned and Metro's executive director resigned as a result of the incident. Metro also had to return shipments of terra cotta tiles that were delivered warped, in the wrong size, and in the wrong color; the planned terra cotta ceiling for the station was instead replaced with a travertine limestone. During construction in early 1989, approximately 20 workers were sickened by fumes and foul air inside the station. Air quality tests conducted in the tunnel could not identify the cause of the bad air, leading Metro to install scrubbers to help control diesel exhaust from equipment.
The Westlake station mezzanine was opened on August 11, 1989, as part of a public preview of the tunnel. The station's design was praised by local politicians and visitors, with Seattle City Councilman George Benson noting that it had "an element of class that is new to Seattle". The mezzanine remained open for several weeks, allowing for access between the basement levels of downtown retailers, but closed until November for additional construction. Additional fire sprinklers were installed in Westlake station to accommodate parties and receptions, as the station's mezzanine became sought as an events venue. Tunnel construction was completed in June 1990, and bus service began on September 15, 1990. Between 1990 and 2004, all service in the tunnel was operated by custom-built dual-mode buses, which operated on diesel fuel outside the tunnel and electrically as trolleybuses (via overhead wires) inside the tunnel.

Light rail
In the early 1990s, a regional transit authority (RTA) was formed to plan and construct a light rail system for the Seattle area. After an unsuccessful attempt in 1995, regional voters passed a $3.9 billion plan to build light rail under the RTA in 1996. The downtown transit tunnel had already been planned for eventual light rail use and was built with tracks that would be incorporated into the initial system. The RTA, later renamed Sound Transit, approved the tunnel as part of the route of its initial light rail line in 1999, with plans to eventually add new surface entrances to serve the Washington State Convention Center in lieu of a Convention Place light rail station. Ownership of the tunnel, including its stations, was transferred to Sound Transit in 2000 but returned two years later to King County Metro under a joint-operations agreement.
The downtown transit tunnel was closed on September 23, 2005, for an $82.7 million renovation to accommodate light rail vehicles. The two-year renovation included the installation of new rails, a lowered roadbed at stations for level boarding, new signalling systems and emergency ventilation. As part of the renovation, a short cut-and-cover "stub tunnel" was built under Pine Street between Westlake station and Interstate 5, forming a turnback area for trains and part of the light rail system's planned northern extension. The tunnel reopened on September 24, 2007, with new signage, lighting, and street improvements; Westlake station was host to a public open house for the planned light rail system, featuring a light rail vehicle on display at the station prior to the re-opening of the tunnel.
Link light rail service began on July 18, 2009, running from Westlake station to Tukwila International Boulevard station. A tunneled extension of the light rail system, from Westlake to stations at Capitol Hill and University of Washington, was excavated from 2011 to 2012. The northern extension opened on March 19, 2016, moving the line's northern terminus to University of Washington station.
Bus service within the downtown transit tunnel ceased on March 23, 2019, due to the expansion of the Washington State Convention Center at the former site of Convention Place station. Westlake station became exclusively served by light rail trains, which were planned to increase in frequency when the Northgate extension opens in 2021. The Metro Customer Shop at Westlake station was also closed on March 6, 2019, ahead of the planned handover of tunnel operations to Sound Transit, and is planned to be replaced by another kiosk. Sound Transit assumed full ownership of the tunnel in 2022.
On April 27, 2023, the station ceiling was punctured by a construction crew working on the relocation of a historic street clock on Pine Street and forced the northbound platform to close. Contractors working on an existing clock foundation drilled 48 inches (120 cm) through the station roof and broke part of a structural girder over the northbound tracks. Sound Transit announced that an investigation into the damage would take two weeks and cause major disruptions to 1 Line service. The section between Capitol Hill and Stadium stations was initially reduced to a single shuttle train that will run every 32 minutes while the rest of the line runs every 15 minutes. Sound Transit later adjusted the temporary schedule to use alternating trains every 15 to 20 minutes that required a single transfer at Pioneer Square station due to a lack of shuttle buses. Regular service resumed on May 7 with the reopened northbound platform while repairs were conducted.

Future
As part of the Sound Transit 3 program, approved by voters in 2016, Westlake station is planned to become a transfer station for a new light rail line serving South Lake Union, Lower Queen Anne, and Ballard, to open in 2036. The new line would continue south through a new downtown light rail tunnel to International District/Chinatown station, merging with the current line.

Station layout
Westlake station is situated below Pine Street between 4th and 6th avenues in Downtown Seattle. The station consists of two side platforms, a mezzanine level, and entrances from the surface; all three levels are connected by a series of seven elevators, sixteen escalators, and stairs. The 500-foot-long (150 m) mezzanine spans the length of the station, unlike other downtown tunnel stations, and includes separate entrances to the basement level of nearby department stores, including Nordstrom, Nordstrom Rack, and the Westlake Center. Two additional entrance from the mezzanine led to the now-closed Macy's and Coldwater Creek. The mezzanine also has ticket vending machines that issue ORCA cards, and was formerly home to the King County Metro Customer Shop, which was located at the west end of the station. The non-retail entrances to Westlake station are located on both sides of Pine Street between 3rd and 4th avenues, and on the north side of Pine Street between 5th and 6th avenues. There is also a direct elevator from the mezzanine level to the Seattle Center Monorail terminus at Westlake Center. The platform level at Westlake station is 50 to 60 feet (15 to 18 m) below street level, while the mezzanine is 20 feet (6 m) below street level.

Art and architecture
Westlake station was designed by Brent Carlson of TRA Architects to "give the impression" of a retail center's liveliness, and features heavy use of granite materials and Art Deco design elements. The station is also adorned with public artwork as part of the tunnel's $1.5 million art program, under the direction of lead artist Jack Mackie and program director Vicki Scuri.
The south station wall has a collection of 1,264 handmade terra cotta tiles carved in the shapes of leaves, vines, and flowers; the tiles, designed by Mackie, are arranged from the mezzanine level downwards, as if forming the roots of Westlake Park above. Between the mezzanine and platform, Scuri's 40 ceramic tiles feature geometric patterns found in clothing and other garments. The station's stairways and surface entrances are inscribed with quotes from University of Washington professor Caroline Ober, artist Mark Tobey, and retailer Silas Munro. On the corner of Pine Street and 5th Avenue was a 17-foot-high (5.2 m) granite street clock shaped like a question mark, designed by artist Bill Whipple; it is planned to be relocated in 2023 to Pike Street and 4th Avenue as part of a swap with a historic Ben Bridge Jeweler clock.
The platform level houses three 35-foot-long (11 m), 10-foot-tall (3 m) porcelain enamel murals by Seattle artists Fay Jones, Gene Gentry McMahon, and Roger Shimomura. Jones's mural is an interpretation of Seattle's place as a port city, using bright colors to "bring sunshine underground"; McMahon's mural depicts the "glamour" of shopping, with "larger than life" figures against the Seattle skyline and a beach; and Shimomura's mural is a collage of American pop culture figures, including the likes of Marilyn Monroe, Alice in Wonderland, and Donald Duck, intermixed with imagery from East Asian cultures, including a samurai and geisha, in a celebration of the city's cultural diversity.
The station's pictogram, a tiara, represents the neighborhood's playful nature. It was created in 2009 by Christian French as part of the Stellar Connections series and its points represent nearby destinations, including Pike Place Market, Victor Steinbrueck Park, the Paramount Theatre, and the Washington State Convention Center.

Services
Westlake is one of four stations in the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel, which is served by the 1 Line. Light rail trains run from Lynnwood to Northgate, the University of Washington campus, Downtown Seattle, the Rainier Valley, and Seattle–Tacoma International Airport, using the downtown transit tunnel between Westlake and International District/Chinatown stations. Westlake is the ninth southbound station from Lynnwood City Center, the line's northern terminus, and thirteenth northbound station from Angle Lake, the southern terminus. The station is located between Capitol Hill and Symphony stations. The 1 Line operates for twenty hours a day on weekdays and Saturdays, from 5:00 am to 1:00 am, and eighteen hours on Sundays, from 6:00 am to 12:00 am. During regular weekday service, trains operate roughly every eight to ten minutes during and between peak periods, respectively, with longer headways of twelve to fifteen minutes in the early morning and at night. During weekends, trains on the 1 Line arrive every ten minutes during midday hours and every twelve to fifteen minutes during mornings and evenings. The station is approximately 32 minutes from Lynnwood City Center station and 38 minutes from SeaTac/Airport station. In 2023, an average of 9,354 passengers boarded Link trains at Westlake station on weekdays; it is the busiest station in the Link light rail system with over 3.3 million total boardings.
In addition to light rail, Westlake station is in close proximity to several other regional and local transit services. The Seattle Center Monorail, serving the Seattle Center and Space Needle, terminates at a station located on the third floor of the Westlake Center shopping mall, connected directly to the tunnel station via an elevator and stairway. The South Lake Union Streetcar terminates one block north of the station at McGraw Square, continuing to the South Lake Union neighborhood. Westlake station is also adjacent to several surface bus stops, served by King County Metro, Sound Transit Express, and Community Transit routes. Bus stops on Pine and Pike streets serve local routes headed east to Capitol Hill, Montlake, and Madison Park. Bus stops on 3rd Avenue serve RapidRide routes and local routes heading north to Ballard, Fremont, and South Lake Union, and south towards West Seattle, the Rainier Valley, and SoDo. Bus stops on 2nd Avenue, 4th Avenue, 5th Avenue, Olive Way, and Stewart Street serve regional express routes to Snohomish County, the Eastside, southern King County, and Pierce County.
From 2009 to 2019, several bus routes also ran in the tunnel alongside Link light rail. The final set of bus routes in the tunnel were divided into three bays by their outbound direction: Bay A was served by three routes (routes 41, 74, and 255) heading north toward Northgate and the University District and east towards Kirkland; Bay C was served by three routes (routes 101, 102, and 150) heading south through the SODO Busway toward Kent and Renton; and Bay D was served by one route (Sound Transit Express route 550) heading east via Interstate 90 to Bellevue. Bay A was located on the northbound platform, while Bays C and D shared the southbound platform. The bus routes were relocated in March 2019 to new stops around the Westlake station area on various streets.
King County Metro runs a special route, the Route 97 Link Shuttle, between all Link light rail stations during service disruptions, stopping at Pine Street and 5th Avenue to serve Westlake station.

References
External links

Sound Transit Rider Guide

Title: Mable Lee
Mable Lee (August 2, 1921 – February 7, 2019), sometimes spelled Mabel Lee, was an American jazz tap dancer, singer, and entertainer. Lee appeared on Broadway, at the Apollo Theater, and was known as "Queen of the Soundies" due to her numerous performances in the films.

Biography
Born in Atlanta, Georgia to Rosella Moore and Alton Lee, Mable Lee was a child prodigy who began performing when she was 4 years old, at age 9 was performing in local clubs with a big band and as a 12-year-old was appearing at the Top Hat nightclub in Georgia. Neither of her parents were in show business, but they would sing and dance around the house. When she was in grade school, she asked her principal to use the assembly room to put on entertainment shows, putting up posters, and making programs. Lee also sang and danced for her teachers growing up—they were all aware of her talent from an early age.
Her high school music teacher was Graham W. Jackson Sr. Amazed by her talent, he took her with him to perform, including for Franklin Delano Roosevelt to his vacation house in White Plains, Georgia.
Lee's mother and aunt were always supportive of her performance endeavors and went with her to every show growing up. The Whitman Sisters noticed her when she was performing at Top Hat, but her mother encouraged her to finish high school before moving to pursue her career.
She moved to New York City with her mother in 1940 to pursue a career as a singer and dancer, and soon joined the chorus of the Apollo Theater in Harlem. She also did acrobatics performed with a chair, which she referred to as her novelty. She simultaneously did vaudeville and nightclub shows. She auditioned and was chosen to perform at the West End Theatre. She subsequently worked at various nightclubs, before Dick Campbell sent her to London, where she spent 18 months and performed at the London Palladium. Regarding her work at the Palladium, she says “I represented America in the nightclub scene, and Africa in the jungle scenes.” She met Buddy Bradley in London and began teaching alongside him. She got married in London, but the marriage did not last long.
During World War II, she toured with the USO as a member of their first all-black unit. She traveled and did shows for the Navy, Air Force, and at different camps. She also performed for wounded veterans after the war in hospitals and did a show at Leavenworth. She was known for her dancing in more than 100 soundies in the 1940s. Here she became known as “Queen of the Soundies.”
Lee was featured on the cover of the March 1947 issue of Ebony.
She came back from Europe in 1950 and moved back to Atlanta, where she met her husband (Tony Mansfield). She played theaters and nightclubs in Atlanta again, but this time she was doing her own act. She also appeared on Broadway in multiple productions, including the 1952 revival of the musical Shuffle Along. She traveled to raise money for the show and was a part of raising between $500,000 and $600,000. The show only lasted three days, and all of that money went to nowhere. She also danced in The Hoofers and Bubbling Brown Sugar. She did choreography throughout her career including for the Soundies, though she did not receive credit for it.
In 1956, she fronted an uncredited vocal group on the rhythm and blues ballad “Dearest Dream,” cowritten by Billy Dawn Smith and released by Hull Records.
In 1960, she gave birth to her only child, a son named Michael, with Tony Mansfield.
Lee was the 2004 winner of the Flo-Bert Award which honors "outstanding figures in the field of tap dance", and a 2008 Inductee into the Tap Dance Hall of Fame.
Her last performance was in July 2018 at Symphony Space in Manhattan as part of the New York City Tap Festival. She kept creating so long because she was so curious and other people fostered that.
Lee died on February 7, 2019, at the age of 97 at a nursing home in Manhattan.


== References ==

Title: Bornean blue flycatcher
The Bornean blue flycatcher (Cyornis superbus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia, where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.

References

BirdLife International 2011. [1].

Title: 2019 Junior World Luge Championships
The 34th Junior World Luge Championships took place under the auspices of the International Luge Federation at Innsbruck, Austria from 1 to 2 February 2019.

Schedule
Four events will be held.

Medalists
Medal table
  *   Host nation (Austria)


== References ==

Title: The Hammocks
The Hammocks is a historic site in Ormond Beach, Florida, United States. It is located at 311 John Anderson Highway. On September 5, 1989, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

References
External links
Volusia County listings at National Register of Historic Places
Volusia County listings at Florida's Office of Cultural and Historical Programs

Title: Anmatyerre (disambiguation)
The Anmatyerre are an Aboriginal people of the Northern Territory of Australia
Anmatyerre (which may also be spelt Anmatjera, Anmatyerr, Anmatjirra, or Amatjere)  may also refer to:

Anmatjere, Northern Territory, a locality in Australia
Anmatyerre language, the language of the Anmatyerre
Anmatjere Community, or Anmatyerre  Community, a former local government area in the Northern Territory of Australia

Title: Alex Shaw (basketball)
Alex Shaw (July 8, 1907 – November 29, 2009) was a college men's basketball coach. He was the head coach of the Williams College Ephs from 1950 to 1973. He coached Williams to a 312–171 record, making three NCAA tournament appearances, one Division I appearance (1955) and two Division II appearances (1959 and 1961).  Shaw also served as an assistant football coach at Williams.  He played his college basketball at Michigan.


== References ==

Title: Sha Gu Bu Luo
Sha Gu Bu Luo 沙古卜洛 (died after 1521) is the Chinese transcription of the name of a King of Panduranga in Champa. He ruled from 1505 to an unknown date after 1521. He is only known from Chinese, and to an extent European sources, and there is relatively little information about him.

Establishment as ruler
Sha Gu Bu Luo was the son of the previous ruler Gu Lai. He had at least one brother, Kusuma, who was killed in action by Vietnamese forces. Gu Lai had a troubled reign as he was forced by Vietnamese invaders to flee to China for a while. Back in Champa, he felt his faculties declining by the late 1490s. Since friendship and formal tributary relations with China were important for the survival of the remaining Cham territory, he sent a request to the Ming court in 1499, asking the Emperor to enfeoff his son Sha Gu Bu Luo. As he wrote, Quy Nhon (meaning northern Champa) was still in the hands of Vietnam, and there were continuous disturbances. Considering his old age he therefore wished to abdicate in favour of his son, so that he could protect the country. However, the Ming Emperor did not agree to this, since the old king was still alive. Six years later, in 1505, Gu Lai reportedly died, and a new embassy was sent to China. Sha Gu Bu Luo wanted to be enfeoffed as ruler of Champa including the Quy Nhon region that had been taken by Vietnam in 1471. The Chinese, however, would not take action to recover the old Cham lands for the king, since previous attempts to put pressure on Vietnam had been useless. Sha Gu Bu Luo continued to send envoys to China, but it was only in 1515 that the Ming court sent enfeoffment credentials to him. New exchanges followed in 1520 and 1521. How long he reigned after that is not known. The next named King of Champa appears in 1543.

Indigenous traditions about early Panduranga
Indigenous Cham chronicles were written much later and are difficult to compare with centemporary Chinese data. The names and dates of the Kings of Panduranga in the two source categories do not accord. The Cham texts mention that the defeat and capture of the Cham capital at the hands of the Vietnamese was followed by an interregnum that is dated in 1397–1433. Finally a son of the last ruler, Po Kasit (or Po Kathit) managed to establish a new capital in Byuh Bal Batsinang (or Batthinang) in Panduranga, ruling in 1433–1460. He had however difficulties in making himself obeyed, and the same problem affected his son and successor Po Kabrah (1460–1494). It was only the latter's brother Po Kabih (1494–1530) who was prestigious enough to deter the Vietnamese from attacking Panduranga.

European accounts
Portuguese seafarers were established in Southeast Asia after 1511 and wrote geographical accounts that mention Champa. The most detailed is the Suma Oriental by Tomé Pires (c. 1515) which mentions Champa as sizeable land that produced rice, meat and other foodstuff. The chief merchandise was, however, Calambac (Agarwood). Imports included South Asian textiles and spices, and much gold originated from Minangkabau in Sumatra. The Cham trading vessels mostly went to Siam and all the way to Pahang but seldom visited Melaka. The king of the country is described as a "heathen" (i.e., Hindu) who was a wealthy man and waged war with other kings in the region, especially the one in Vietnam. Interestingly, Pires says there were no Muslims in the country, in stark contrast with the situation in the late 16th century.


== References ==

Title: Pilgrims Hatch
Pilgrims Hatch is a residential suburb of Brentwood, Essex, in the east of England. There is a borough council ward bearing the name 'Pilgrims Hatch' which covers the Bishops Hall and Flower estates (the urban area north of the A12 road) and a small rural area to the north up to Ashwells Road and Days Lane. Pilgrims Hatch usually elects Liberal Democrat councillors. It has a population of around 6,000 people.
'Pilgrims Hatch' literally means Pilgrim's Gate (with 'hatch' being derived from the Old English form of haecc) and, until recently, local schools used a large farmer's gate as a symbol of the area. While no longer common it is still the semi-official symbol of the village. One of the local schools that still has the "gate" incorporated within their school badge is Larchwood Primary School.
The name derived from 12th century Thomas Becket pilgrimages to Canterbury through Brentwood, a popular stopping place at the time, before travelling onto Tilbury for the ferry. Pilgrims from the Midlands would pass through Pilgrims Hatch en route to Brentwood. At this time Pilgrims Hatch was not recognised as a community as such, having only a few properties in an area which was mainly open countryside and not settled in any numbers until the 20th century. The Chapman & André map of 1777 references 'Pilgrims Hatch Common' and shows limited development along what was to become the modern Ongar Road near the junction with Coxtie Green Road (Cox Green then). The main development of Pilgrims Hatch as a village occurred after World War II.
Although population development may have been quite late, Pilgrims Hatch was home to a critical part of early communications infrastructure with Cable & Wireless having a substantial telegraph radio receiving station built on the junction of Hatch Road and Doddinghurst Road in 1921. (with the associated transmitting station in nearby [[North Weald) During World War II this site was considered sufficiently important in the war effort that substantial air defences were also constructed around it. Although some buildings from the site remained early into the 21st century it has now been transformed into housing developments and an extension to Bishops Hall Park.
The Brentwood Centre is situated on the edge of Pilgrims Hatch, and is the centre of sport, leisure, and musical events within the borough. There is an annual festival held at the centre, as well as a traditional fireworks display on or close to Guy Fawkes Night each year.
The area relies mainly on Brentwood's high street stores and supermarkets, but does have a number of local shops and businesses. It also is well served by local restaurants, takeaways and pubs.


== References ==

Title: Computer representation of surfaces
In technical applications of 3D computer graphics (CAx) such as computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing, surfaces are one way of representing objects.  The other ways are wireframe (lines and curves) and solids.  Point clouds are also sometimes used as temporary ways to represent an object, with the goal of using the points to create one or more of the three permanent representations.

Open and closed surfaces
If one considers a local parametrization of a surface:

  
    
      
        
          x
        
        =
        
          x
        
        (
        u
        ,
        v
        )
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathbf {x} =\mathbf {x} (u,v),}
  

then the curves obtained by varying u while keeping v fixed are coordinate lines, sometimes called the u flow lines. The curves obtained by varying v while u is fixed are called the v flow lines.  These are generalizations of the x and y Cartesian coordinate lines in the plane coordinate system and of the meridians and circles of latitude on a spherical coordinate system.
Open surfaces are not closed in either direction. This means moving in any direction along the surface will cause an observer to hit the edge of the surface. The top of a car hood is an example of a surface open in both directions. 		
Surfaces closed in one direction include a cylinder, cone, and hemisphere. Depending on the direction of travel, an observer on the surface may hit a boundary on such a surface or travel forever.
Surfaces closed in both directions include a sphere and a torus. Moving in any direction on such surfaces will cause the observer to travel forever without hitting an edge.
Places where two boundaries overlap (except at a point) are called a seam.  For example, if one imagines a cylinder made from a sheet of paper rolled up and taped together at the edges, the boundaries where it is taped together are called the seam.

Flattening a surface
Some open surfaces and surfaces closed in one direction may be flattened into a plane without deformation of the surface. For example, a cylinder can be flattened into a rectangular area without distorting the surface distance between surface features (except for those distances across the split created by opening up the cylinder). A cone may also be so flattened. Such surfaces are linear in one direction and curved in the other (surfaces linear in both directions were flat to begin with).  Sheet metal surfaces which have flat patterns can be manufactured by stamping a flat version, then bending them into the proper shape, such as with rollers.  This is a relatively inexpensive process.
Other open surfaces and surfaces closed in one direction, and all surfaces closed in both directions, can't be flattened without deformation. A hemisphere or sphere, for example, can't. Such surfaces are curved in both directions. This is why maps of the Earth are distorted. The larger the area the map represents, the greater the distortion.  Sheet metal surfaces which lack a flat pattern must be manufactured by stamping using 3D dies (sometimes requiring multiple dies with different draw depths and/or draw directions), which tend to be more expensive.

Regions
Patches
A surface may be composed of one or more patches, where each patch has its own U-V coordinate system.  These surface patches are analogous to the multiple polynomial arcs used to build a spline.  They allow more complex surfaces to be represented by a series of relatively simple equation sets rather than a single set of complex equations.  Thus, the complexity of operations such as surface intersections can be reduced to a series of patch intersections.
Surfaces closed in one or two directions frequently must also be broken into two or more surface patches by the software.

Faces
Surfaces and surface patches can only be trimmed at U and V coordinate lines.  To overcome this severe limitation, surface faces allow a surface to be limited to a series of boundaries projected onto the surface in any orientation, so long as those boundaries are collectively closed.  For example, trimming a cylinder at an angle would require such a surface face.
A single surface face may span multiple surface patches on a single surface, but can't span multiple surfaces.
Planar faces are similar to surface faces, but are limited by a collectively closed series of boundaries projected to an infinite plane, instead of a surface.

Skins and volumes
As with surfaces, surface faces closed in one or two directions frequently must also be broken into two or more surface faces by the software.  To combine them back into a single entity, a skin or volume is created.  A skin is an open collection of faces and a volume is a closed set.  The constituent faces may have the same support surface or face or may have different supports.

Solids
Volumes can be filled in to build a solid model (possibly with other volumes subtracted from the interior).  Skins and faces can also be offset to create solids of uniform thickness.

Continuity
A surface's patches and the faces built on that surface typically have point continuity (no gaps) and tangent continuity (no sharp angles).  Curvature continuity (no sharp radius changes) may or may not be maintained.
Skins and volumes, however, typically only have point continuity.  Sharp angles between faces built on different supports (planes or surfaces) are common.

Visualization and display
Surfaces may be displayed in many ways:

Wireframe mode.  In this representation the surface is drawn as a series of lines and curves, without hidden-line removal.  The boundaries and flow lines (isoparametric curves) may each be shown as solid or dashed curves.  The advantage of this representation is that a great deal of geometry may be displayed and rotated on the screen with no delay needed for graphics processing.

		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

Faceted mode.  In this mode each surface is drawn as a series of planar regions, usually rectangles.  Hidden-line removal is typically used with such a representation.  Static hidden-line removal does not update which lines are hidden during rotation, but only once the screen is refreshed.  Dynamic hidden-line removal continuously updates which curves are hidden during rotations.

		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

Shaded mode.  Shading can then be added to the facets, possibly with blending between the regions for a smoother display.  Shading can also be static or dynamic.  A lower quality of shading is typically used for dynamic shading, while high quality shading, with multiple light sources, textures, etc., requires a delay for rendering.

CAD/CAM representation
CAD/CAM systems use primarily two types of surfaces:

Regular (or canonical) surfaces include surfaces of revolution such as cylinders, cones, spheres, and tori, and ruled surfaces (linear in one direction) such as surfaces of extrusion.
Freeform surfaces (usually NURBS) allow more complex shapes to be represented via freeform surface modeling.
Other surface forms such as facet and voxel are also used in a few specific applications.

CAE/FEA representation
In computer-aided engineering and finite element analysis, an object may be represented by a surface mesh of node points connected by triangles or quadrilaterals (polygon mesh).  More accurate, but also far more CPU-intensive, results can be obtained by using a solid mesh.  The process of creating a mesh is called  tessellation.  Once tessellated, the mesh can be subjected to simulated stresses, strains, temperature differences, etc., to see how those changes propagate from node point to node point throughout the mesh.

VR/computer animation
In virtual reality and computer animation, an object may also be represented by a surface mesh of node points connected by triangles or quadrilaterals.  If the goal is only to represent the visible portion of an object (and not show changes to the object) a solid mesh serves no purpose, for this application.  The triangles or quadrilaterals can each be shaded differently depending on their orientation toward the light sources and/or viewer.  This will give a rather faceted appearance, so an additional step is frequently added where the shading of adjacent regions is blended to provide smooth shading.  There are several methods for performing this blending.

See also
Animation
Boundary representation
Digital surface
Digital surface model
Mesh generation

References
External links
3D-XplorMath: Program to visualize many kinds of surfaces in wireframe, patch and anaglyph mode.

Title: Psammotis
Psammotis is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae. The genus was erected by Jacob Hübner in 1825.

Species
Psammotis orientalis Munroe & Mutuura, 1968
Psammotis pulveralis Hübner, 1796
Psammotis turkestanica Munroe & Mutuura, 1968

Former species
Psammotis decoloralis Turati, 1924

References
Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul. "Search results Family: Crambidae". Butterflies and Moths of the World. Natural History Museum, London.

External links
UKMoths
Lepidoptera of Sweden
Savela, Markku. "Psammotis Hübner, 1825". Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms. Retrieved February 19, 2018.

Title: Abryna
Abryna is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Species include:

Abryna affinis Breuning, 1938
Abryna basalis Aurivillius, 1908
Abryna buccinator Pascoe, 1864
Abryna coenosa Newman, 1842
Abryna copei Vives, 2009
Abryna fausta Newman, 1842
Abryna grisescens Breuning, 1938
Abryna javanica Kriesche, 1924
Abryna loochooana Matsushita, 1933
Abryna metallica Breuning, 1938
Abryna mindanaoensis Breuning, 1980
Abryna obscura Schwarzer, 1925
Abryna regispetri Paiva, 1860
Abryna rubeta Pascoe, 1864
Abryna ziczac Heller, 1924


== References ==

Title: FC Ostrava-Jih
FC Ostrava-Jih, formerly known as FC NH Ostrava, is a Czech football club from the city of Ostrava. The team played in the Czech 2. Liga for two seasons.
The club played in the Moravian–Silesian Football League during the 1990s, winning the league in the 1997–98 season and being promoted to the Czech 2. Liga.
After recording the club's best-ever league finishing position of fifth in the 1999–2000 Czech 2. Liga, the club's main sponsor, Nová Huť, discontinued its funding and the club moved to the town of Nový Jičín.

Historical names
– ZSJ Ocel NHKG
 – TJ Baník NHKG
 – TJ NHKG
 – FC NH Ostrava
 – FC NH Classic Ostrava
2007 – FC Ostrava-Jih

Honours
Moravian–Silesian Football League (third tier)
Champions 1997–98

References
External links
"FC Ostrava-Jih o zázemí přichází, o víru však ne". denik.cz (in Czech). Vltava-Labe-Press. 31 December 2011. Archived from the original on 25 December 2012. Retrieved 10 March 2012.

Title: John Cotyngham
John Cotyngham (fl. 1399–1425), of Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.
Cotyngham was married, his wife's name is unrecorded. They had one son, MP, Robert Cotyngham.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Wycombe in 1399, 1406 and 1425.


== References ==

Title: Portal:Norway/DYK/Layout/footer


Title: Medicine Hat College
Medicine Hat College is a public, board governed, community college serving southeastern Alberta and southwestern Saskatchewan, Canada. The college is located in the city of Medicine Hat, Alberta, and was founded in 1965. Almost 2,500 students attend the main campus; another 200 attend  Brooks Campus, located 100 km west of Medicine Hat in  Brooks.

Programs
More than 40 diplomas and certificates are offered along with 25 university transfer programs, and numerous apprenticeship trades. There are also several opportunities for degree completion at MHC. Students are able to complete a bachelor's degree in nursing, education, and business, thanks to collaborative agreements with the University of Calgary and Mount Royal University, respectively. Applied degrees are offered in Applied Arts (Visual Communications) and Applied Health Science (Paramedic). Graduates from diploma programs such as Criminal Justice may also complete degrees through Athabasca University. The college offers unique diploma programs such as Addictions Counseling.

Services
Students are well served with services designed to support academic success. These include wellness, personal counseling, writing specialist, indigenous support specialist and more.  The Entrepreneur Development Centre (EDC) specializes in helping students launch their own businesses.

Library
Two libraries serve the college. The Vera Bracken Library is located in the B wing on the Medicine Hat Campus and was built in 2003. There is also a library at the Brooks Campus. The libraries have 100,000 print and non-print resources, 17,000 e-books, and over 20,000 online periodicals. The college is a member of The Alberta Library, the Southern Alberta Information Network, the Canadian Library Association, and the Library Association of Alberta.

Athletics
The Medicine Hat College varsity athletic teams are known as the "Rattlers" and compete in the Alberta Colleges Athletic Conference. Sports include: basketball, volleyball, soccer, cross country, indoor track, women's ice hockey, futsal, and golf.

See also
Robert E. Sackley : a former president of Medicine Hat College
Education in Alberta
List of universities and colleges in Alberta

References
All facts, unless otherwise stated, are from Medicine Hat College's website.

External links
Medicine Hat College
Brooks Campus
Library Services
Students' Association
[1]

Title: Hans Daniel Johan Wallengren
Hans Daniel Johan Wallengren (8 June 1823 – 25 October 1894) was a Swedish clergyman and entomologist.

Biography
He was born in Lund, Sweden.
Wallengren became a student at Lund University from 1842, was ordained a priest in 1847 and was appointed parish priest at  Farhult  and Jonstorp parishes. He undertook  zoological studies with  trips to Gotland and  to Bohemia and Silesia, He also visited the museums in Braunschweig, Berlin and Copenhagen. Wallengren was responsible for studying and naming the butterflies collected by naturalist and explorer Johan August Wahlberg (1810–1856) at Kafferland (now Cape Province in South Africa).

Selected works
Lepidoptera Scandinavioæ Rhopalocera (1853)
Skandinaviens Heterocerfjärilar: I. Closterocera (1863), II. Spinnarna (1869–85)
Coleophorer (1859)
Fjädermott (1860)
Lepidoptera nova (1861 i "Fregatten Eugenies resa omkring jorden 1851–53")
Lepidoptera rhopalocera in terra Caffrorum collecta (1857)
Heterocerfjärilar, samlade i kafferlandet af J.A. Wahlberg, Index specierum, Noctuarum et Geometrarum in Scandinavia hucusque detectarum (1874)
Species Tortricum et Tinearum Scandinaviæ (1875)

References
External links
MRN Papilio anthemenes a butterfly described by Hans Wallengren.
Biography (Swedish)

Title: 2012 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II – play-offs
The play-offs of the 2012 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II were the final stages of the Group II Zonal Competition involving teams from Asia and Oceania. Using the positions determined in their pools, the ten teams faced off to determine their placing in the 2012 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group II. The top team advanced to 2013 Asia/Oceania Zone Group I.

Promotional Round
The first placed teams of each pool played in a head-to-head round. The winner advanced to the Group I for 2013.

Hong Kong vs. India
3rd to 4th play-off
The second placed teams of each pool played in a head-to-head round to find the third and fourth placed teams.

Kyrgyzstan vs. Philippines
5th to 6th play-off
The third placed teams of each pool played in a head-to-head round to find the fifth and sixth placed teams.

Singapore vs. Turkmenistan
7th to 8th play-off
The fourth placed teams of each pool played in a head-to-head round to find the seventh and eighth placed teams.

Pakistan vs. Oman
9th to 10th play-off
The fifth placed teams of each pool played in a head-to-head round to find the ninth and tenth placed teams.

Sri Lanka vs. Iran
Final Placements
India advanced to the Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I for 2013.

See also
Fed Cup structure

References
External links
Fed Cup website

Title: Martin Burgess
Edward Martin Burgess FSA FBHI (21 November 1931 – 21 February 2022), known as Martin Burgess, was an English horologist and master clockmaker.

Early life
Born in Yorkshire, Burgess was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, between 1944 and 1949, where he was a member of Farfield. His exact contemporaries at Farfield included Robert Aagaard, later a furniture maker and conservator who founded the youth movement Cathedral Camps.
Burgess's memories of Gresham's during the freezing months of January to March 1947, the coldest British winter on record, are quoted at length in I Will Plant Me a Tree: an Illustrated History of Gresham's School (2002). Not only was the winter icy cold, but because of fuel-shortages the school was unheated. Burgess recalls that "Periods were held in full overcoats and scarves and gloves. If it happened now the School would be closed, but such a step was not even thought of then. In any case, the roads were blocked... One day the School was called out to dig out a farm, or was it a small village? Hurrah! No periods! In the afternoon everyone prayed there would be periods, it was so cold. A man had died."

Career
After a first career as a restorer of Egyptian antiquities, Burgess turned to horology and clock-making and specialised in building innovative and gigantic clocks, often with a variety of unusual escapements.
Burgess was also a leading expert on John Harrison, the 18th-century horologist who built the first ever successful marine timekeeper (the forerunner of the marine chronometer) leading to the possibility of an accurate measurement of longitude.
Burgess coined the term sculptural horology in the 1960s.

Notable clocks
Burgess's First Sculptural Clock with Bells, from 1963, has the dimensions 8 ft (2.4 m) high, 54+1⁄2 in (1,380 mm) wide, and 18+1⁄2 in (470 mm) deep. It is generally known as the Broxbourne Clock, after the house in Hertfordshire for which it was made. It was exhibited in the Former Time Museum of Rockford, Illinois, but is now in a private collection.
His magnificent Second Sculptural Clock, made in 1965, is now owned by the American graphic artist Donald Saff. The clock (which appeared on the cover of the Horological Journal for August 2001) has a massive compound pendulum which beats at 2.5 seconds and an escape wheel which turns in five minutes. A limited edition of thirty-five half-size replicas, known as ‘'Concord clocks'’, Harrison style with grasshopper escapement and compound pendulum, was made by E. Dent and has the dimensions 30 in (760 mm) high, 14 in (360 mm) wide, 11 in (280 mm) deep.
Burgess's Third Sculptural Clock, generally known as the Hares and Tortoises clock, was the most ambitious to date, and was his first speculative venture. It draws influences from Jost Bürgi, Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe, and John Harrison. It is 35 inches (880 mm) tall and 37 in (950 mm) wide. The wheels are in Duralumin, while the frame is iron. It runs with minimal lubricants. Visually, the clock is dominated by three large wheels, which are pierced out to represent aspects of time, the left hand wheel (used for hour striking) having its crossing in the form of hares and tortoises, to echo Aesop's fable . The escapement embodies Burgess's improved version of a Grimthorpe gravity escapement. The clock has ting-tang quarter striking and hour striking. It is now in a private collection.
The Schroder clock was commissioned by the merchant bank Schroder Wagg in 1969, for a new building at 120 Cheapside. It was designed to cover a large part of a wall in the entrance lobby. Its principal feature is a duralumin wheel of 10 feet (3 metres) in diameter, which rotates once in 24 hours, showing world time. The clock was recognised in the Guinness World Records as having the largest clock wheel in existence. The clock uses a gravity escapement similar to that employed by Frank Hope-Jones, providing an impulse each minute to an 80 kg pendulum. The clock was later moved and is now displayed at Citigroup Centre, London.
His Gurney Clock was given to the people of Norwich by Barclays Bank to mark the 200th anniversary of the founding of what is now Barclays by the Gurney family in Norwich in 1775, which was also the anniversary (significant for Burgess) of the publication of John Harrison's 'A Description Concerning such Mechanism...'. The clock is in the shape of a golden lion automaton in a golden castle (the lion and castle are two of the heraldic symbols of Norwich) and has a weight-driven precision clock movement based closely on one designed in the 1740s by John Harrison. On the hour, bronze balls are taken by the lion and travel down a track to a set of scales (a symbol of Barclay's Bank) and on into the castle. The clock took eleven years to build and was housed in a public park, but by 1992 it had been badly vandalised. After a long campaign by the Norwich Society, it was then restored and installed in the Castle Mall, Norwich, inside a massive glass and metal case. It was removed from the Mall in 2015 and placed in storage.
A second, nearly identical clock movement, Clock B, was built to test John Harrison's claim that his clock designs were capable of maintaining time to within 1 second over 100 days. This was an improvement on the state of the art for land-based clocks almost as dramatic as his seagoing designs.  Indeed, it was only reached at the beginning of the 20th century with evacuated pendulum clocks such as the Riefler and Shortt.
Clock B lay incomplete in Burgess's workshop until 2009, when Donald Saff acquired the unfinished movement and arranged for it to be completed (with much input from Burgess) by Charles Frodsham and Company.
In March 2014, the clock was moved to the Royal Observatory, Greenwich for testing and further adjustments were made during 2014. Finally, in a 100-day test between 6 January and 16 April 2015, it lost 5/8 of a second to claim the title of the most accurate mechanical clock with a pendulum swinging in free air.

Death
Burgess died on 21 February 2022, at the age of 90.

Publications
The Mail-maker's Technique in The Antiquaries Journal Vol 33 (1953) 48–55
Further Research into the Construction of Mail Garments in The Antiquaries Journal Vol 33 (1953) 193–202
The Mail Shirt From Sinigaglia in The Antiquaries Journal Vol 37 (1957) 199–205
A Mail Shirt From The Hearst Collection in The Antiquaries Journal
A Habergeon of Westwale by William Reid and E. Martin Burgess in The Antiquaries Journal
The Grasshopper Escapement, its Geometry and its Properties in Antiquarian Horology, Volume 7, part 5 (1970)
Principles and Objectives, in Conservation of Clocks and Watches (ed. Peter B. Wills, British Horological Institute)
How Greenwich Observatory Lost the Harrison Regulators (in Horological Journal, November 1974)
The Harrison Regulator for the Gurney Clock (in Horological Journal, July 1987)
Looking forward to the Harrison Seminar (in Horological Journal, July 1988)
Reply to Mr Greene from Martin Burgess (in Horological Journal, April 1990)
Questioning Airy (in Horological Journal, July 1990)
Harrison & H4 (in Horological Journal, November 1993)
Quest for Longitude (in Horological Journal, April 1997)

Honours
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
Fellow of the British Horological Institute

Documentary film
The documentary Clock-maker (1971), directed and produced by Richard Gayer, is a profile of Burgess. It focuses on the building of one of his gigantic clocks, an open mechanism eighteen feet high, driven by weights and weighing some 350 kilograms, or 760 pounds avoirdupois.

References

The Dent-Concord clock
Time to Dream
Burgess Clock B
"The 240 Year Old Pendulum Clock That's More Accurate Than Your Watch"

Title: Peter J. Smith (politician)
Peter J. Smith (August 22, 1867 – April 2, 1947) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.

Biography
Smith was born on August 22, 1867, in Denmark. In 1888, he married Ann Marie Lassen, they had five children. Smith died on April 2, 1947, in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

Career
Smith was elected to the Senate in 1928 and served until 1933. Additionally, he was an Eau Claire alderman and a member of the Eau Claire County, Wisconsin Board, as well as Chairman of the Eau Claire County Republican Party and a delegate to the 1924 Republican National Convention. Smith also served as grand secretary of the Scandinavian-American Fraternity.

References
External links
Peter J. Smith at Find a Grave

Title: Pioneer Range
The Pioneer Range is a small subdivision range of the Misinchinka Ranges of the Hart Ranges of the Northern Rockies in British Columbia, Canada.  The boundaries of the Pioneer Range are generally the Murray River to the east, Monkman Glacier to the west, Imperial Creek to the north and the Limestone Lakes to the south.  The majority of the Pioneer Range lies within Monkman Provincial Park.
The range is collectively named after individuals who participated in the pre-World War II efforts to construct a road through the area from Beaverlodge, Alberta to the Fraser River.

Official Peaks


== References ==

Title: Malpelo Island
Malpelo is a small oceanic island in the eastern Pacific Ocean, located about 500 km (310 mi) west of the Colombian mainland with a military post  manned by the Colombian Armed Forces. It consists of a sheer and barren rock with three high peaks, the highest being the 300 m (980 ft) Cerro de la Mona. The island is about 1.5 kilometres (1 mile) in length from northeast to southwest, and 640 metres (700 yards) across at its widest.

Geography
Malpelo is the only island that rises above the surface from the Malpelo Ridge, which is a solitary volcanic submarine ridge that extends in a northeast-southwest direction for 300 km (190 mi) and has a width of 100 km (62 mi). This island is surrounded by a number of offshore rocks. Off the northeast corner are the Tres Mosqueteros. Off the southwest corner are Salomón, Saúl, La Gringa, and Escuba. All the rocks are surrounded by deep water, and most of the face of the main island is very steep. Soundings  between 1,800 and 9,100 metres (1,000 and 5,000 fathoms) are obtainable within a few kilometres of the shore and the currents are strong and changeable. As an oceanic island, it has never been connected with any other islands or the mainland.
Malpelo Island is composed of Miocene pillow lavas, volcanic breccias, and basaltic dikes that have been dated as being 16 to 17 million years old. This island and the underlying and underwater Malpelo Ridge were created along with the Carnegie Ridge in the Late Miocene by a very complex interaction between the Cocos-Nazca Spreading Centre and the Galápagos hotspot.

History
Prehistory
Malpelo Island was presumably isolated from human contact prior to European discovery. It is uninhabited, and is located in the same area as other oceanic eastern Pacific islands, such as Cocos Island, Galápagos and the Revillagigedo Islands, which were all uninhabited at the time of European discovery, and possibly throughout their entire history prior to that.

Discovery
The exact date of Malpelo's discovery is unclear, although it may have been the first of the remote eastern Pacific islands to have been discovered by Europeans, as it appears on Peruvian maps from as early as 1530. Malpelo became a possession of Spain following its discovery, and was subsequently annexed by Peru, and later Colombia.

Natural history
At first glance, the island seems to be barren rock, devoid of all vegetation, but deposits of bird guano have helped colonies of algae, lichens, mosses, and some shrubs and ferns establish, all of which glean nutrients from the guano. Lizards are the only non-avian vertebrates on the island, with three species total.

Agassiz's anole (Anolis agassizi)
Dotted galliwasp (Diploglossus millepunctatus)
Colombian leaf-toed gecko (Phyllodactylus transversalis)
It is also home to a unique species of land crabs, Johngarthia malpilensis, first described in 1893.
The island has been recognised as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a breeding population of some 60,000–110,000 Nazca boobies, as estimated in 2007.
Malpelo is home of a unique shark population; swarms of 500 hammerhead sharks and hundreds of silky sharks are frequently seen by diving expeditions, making it a very popular shark-diving location. It is one of the few places where the smalltooth sand tiger has been seen alive; it is frequently spotted at the dive site "El bajo del Monstruo". Acanthemblemaria stephensi, the Malpelo barnacle blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Malpelo. The largest no-fishing zone in the East Pacific, measuring over 850,000 hectares, surrounds the island.
The Malpelo Nature Reserve, a plant and wildlife sanctuary, covering 857,500 ha (3,311 sq mi) centered at 04°0′12.038′′N 81°36′27.259′′W. A Colombian foundation is trying to preserve the biodiversity of the site. On July 12, 2006, Malpelo was declared by UNESCO as a natural World Heritage Site because of its status as an important shark reserve.

Chronology
1530 – Malpelo is said to have been recorded in a map of this date.
1542 – Cristóbal Vaca de Castro visited.
1550 – Malpelo was recorded in Pierre Desceliers' map.
1704 – Wreck of the English vessel Cinque Ports
1790 – Spanish landing on Malpelo was mentioned to Alessandro Malaspina.
1793 – James Colnett visited.
1837 – A note in The Nautical Magazine recorded a visit.
1995 – Malpelo was designated as a flora and fauna sanctuary.

Gallery
References
This article incorporates text from this source, which is in the public domain: Malpelo, Cocos, and Easter Islands. Peace handbooks. London : H.M. Stationery Office, 1920.

Further reading
Verga, Giovanni (1936). Malpelo (in Spanish). México: Departamento de Biblioteca de la Secretaría de Educación Pública.
Prahl, Henry von (1990). Malpelo la roca viviente (in Spanish) (1. ed.). Bogotá, Colombia: Fondo para la Protección del Medio Ambiente.
Parques Nacionales Naturales de Colombia. Fundación Malpelo y Otros Ecosistemas Marinos. Plan de Manejo del Santuario de Flora y Fauna de Malpelo (PDF) (in Spanish). Bogotá, Colombia: Fondo para la Protección del Medio Ambiente. Retrieved 2014-01-05.

External links
Fundación Malpelo
UNESCO World Heritage profile
(in German) Report on diving at Malpelo, with photos of sharks
(in Spanish) Isla de Malpelo

Title: Union of Greek Shipowners
The Union of Greek Shipowners (UGS, or, in its Greek initials, EEE) is a trade association for Greek ship-owners.
Founded in February 1916, it is headquartered in Piraeus, with offices in Brussels and Washington, D.C. The UGS closely follows developments in the United Nations International Maritime Organization (IMO), the International Labour Organization (ILO), the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) and other global bodies. The UGS is a member of the International Chamber of Shipping (ICS) and the European Community Shipowners’ Associations (ECSA) and participates in the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) and the Economic and Social Council of Greece (ESC). The UGS is also a member of the Arctic Economic Council (AEC).
The UGS also maintains close relations with the Hellenic Chamber of Shipping, the London-based Greek Shipping Co-operation Committee (GSCC) and the Hellenic Marine Environment Protection Association (HELMEPA).

Presidents
Since 1916 the Union has been headed by:

Leonidas Embiricos of Andros, 1916 – 1920
Vacant, 1920 – 1924
Stamatios Embiricos of Andros, 1924 – 1934
Nicolaos Kyriakides of Prokonessos, 1934 – 1935
Basil Goulandris of Andros, 1935 – 1936
Michael Pneumaticos of Kasos, 1936 – 1938
Costas Michalos of Chios, 1938 – 1946
Loucas Nomicos of Santorini, 1946 – 1950
Nicolaos Lykiardopoulos of Cephalonia, 1950 – 1960
Stratis Andreadis of Chios, 1960 – 1974
Vacant, 1974 – 1975
Anthony Chandris of Chios, 1975 – 1981
Aristomenis Karageorgis of Piraeus, 1981 – 1984
Stathis Gourdomichalis of Athens, 1984 – 1991
John G. Goumas of Athens, 1991 – 1997
John Lyras of London (with roots in Chios), 1997 – 2003
Nicos Efthymiou of Piraeus, 2003 – 2009
Theodoros Veniamis of Chios, 2009 – 2022
Melina Travlos of Cephalonia, 2022 – present


== References ==

Title: Tufa Shujineng
Tufa Shujineng (Chinese: 禿髮樹機能; pinyin: Tūfà shùjīnéng; Wade–Giles: t'u-fa shu-chi-neng; died January or February 280) was a Xianbei chieftain who lived during the Three Kingdoms period of China. As the leader of the Tufa tribe of Hexi, he led a tribal rebellion in Liang and Qin provinces against the ruling Western Jin dynasty between 270 and 280. Shujineng’s rebellion became a serious issue for the newly established dynasty, and in 279, he and his allies were able to capture Liang province. However, soon after reaching his greatest success, Shujineng was defeated and killed by the general, Ma Long, who used a series of unconventional tactics to end his rebellion the following year.

Life
Background
Tufa Shujineng's grandfather was Tufa Shoutian (禿髮壽闐) and his great-grandfather was Pigu (匹孤). Pigu was the son of the Tuoba Xianbei chieftain Tuoba Jifen (拓跋詰汾) and his brother was Tuoba Liwei. Pigu led his branch of Xianbei to Hexi when Liwei succeeded his father as chieftain in 218. The Book of Wei states that his territory spanned from Maitian (麥田; in present-day Jingyuan County, Gansu) and Qiantun (牽屯; in present-day Guyuan, Ningxia) in the east to Shiluo (濕羅; located east of Qinghai Lake) in the west and from the Jiaohe (澆河; in present-day Guide County, Qinghai) in the south to the great desert in the north.  
There are two theories as to how the Tufa got their name. The first being that the words 'Tufa' (禿髮) and 'Tuoba' (拓拔) were homonyms, and were used as a derogatory term against Pigu's branch since Tufa means 'bald hair'. The more traditional view is that it was Shoutian who named the clan 'Tufa' after his nickname. Shoutian's mother, Lady Huye (胡掖氏), gave birth to him on a blanket, and the Xianbei word for blanket is 'Tufa', leading to Shoutian's name. It is unknown when Shoutian died, but he was succeeded by his grandson, Tufa Shujineng. Shujineng was described by historians as both brave and resolute as well as cunning and crafty.
When the Cao Wei general, Deng Ai, was stationed in the north west between 256 and 263, he received the surrender of tens of thousands of Xianbei people from Hexi. He resettled them in the areas between Liang and Yong provinces, where they mingled with the local inhabitants.

Rebellion against Jin
Due to ongoing oppression by local Chinese officials, the Xianbei chieftain Shujineng rebelled against Jin rule in 270. Although Shujineng was a Xianbei, his rebellion also involved other nomadic people such as the Qiang and Di. Hu Lie, Inspector of the Qin province camped at Wanhudui (萬斛堆; located in Gaolan County, Gansu) to campaign against him. However, after Hu Lie's reinforcements failed to arrived, Shujineng and his allies surrounded his army and killed him. The Inspector of Liang, Su Yu (蘇愉), led forces who were also routed by Shujineng at Mount Jin (金山; located in Shandan county, Gansu province). 
With the removal of Sima Liang, Emperor Wu sent Shi Jian (石鉴) and Tian Zheng (田章) to put down the uprising. Shi Jian ordered his subordinate, Du Yu, to attack Shujineng. However, Du Yu suggested to his superior that they wait until next spring to attack Shujineng, as the rebels were still in high spirits from their victories. Shi Jian dismissed Du Yu and carried out his original plans, but he was unable to defeat Shujineng.
In 271, Shujineng was joined by the Beidi tribes (北地; in present-day Qingyang, Gansu) in his attack on Jincheng (金城; around present-day Yuzhong County, Gansu). The Inspector of Liang province, Qian Hong, led his troops to fight Shujineng's forces, but the Qiang troops within Qian's army, dissatisfied by his mistreatment of them, rebelled and join Shujineng. Shujineng defeated and killed Qian Hong at Mount Qing (青山; located in Huan county, Gansu province) after surrounding his army.
In 275, Sima Jun campaigned against Shujineng and defeated his forces killing 3,000 rebels. That same year, Shujineng, Houdanbo (侯彈勃) and their supporters planned to raid the military-agricultural colonies in Guanzhong. However, Sima Jun's subordinate, Wen Yang, led a combined force of troops from Liang, Qin and Yong provinces to threaten Shujineng. Shujineng sent Houdanbo and twenty tribesmen to submit to Jin, each sending their sons as hostages. At the same time, Wen Yang also received the surrender of 200,000 tribal people from Anding, Wuwei (武威郡; in present-day Jingyuan County, Gansu) and Jincheng (金城; around present-day Yuzhong County, Gansu).
Shujineng rebelled again in 277 but was defeated by Wen Yang early on. In 278, the Inspector of Liang, Yang Xin, fought with Shujineng's ally, Ruoluobaneng (若羅拔能) on the Dang Ranges (丹嶺) in Wuwei, but was defeated and beheaded. Shujineng continued to harass Jin's borders, and by the beginning of 279, Shujineng managed to capture Liang province.

Battle of Liang province and death
A junior Jin general by the name of Ma Long volunteered to lead a Jin army of 3,500 elite soldiers and defeat Shujineng. After Ma Long crossed the Wen River (溫水; east of present-day Jingyuan County, Gansu), Shujineng had tens of thousands of his soldiers occupy the passes to defend block Ma Long's front and while the others set up ambushes to block Ma Long's rear. During their battles with Ma Long, Shujineng's soldiers encountered the enemies' 'flat box carts' (偏箱車; a cart with a board on one side which acts like a shield) and 'deer-antlered carts' (鹿角車; a cart with spears and halberds on the front, giving it an antler-like shape). The rebels were unable to harm the Jin troops with their arrows, while the Jin troops killed and injured many of them as they marched through the narrow passes. It is also said that Ma Long placed 'magnetic stones' on the ground to slow down the rebel troops, who they and their horses generally wore iron armour as opposed to the Jin troops who wore rhinoceros hide armour. The rebels thought that Ma Long's soldiers were divine beings.
Regardless of its historicity, Ma Long's campaign saw the end of Shujineng's raids. Once Ma Long reached Wuwei, Shujineng's allied chieftains, Cubahan (猝跋韓) and Zuwanneng (且萬能), surrendered to Ma Long along with the ten thousand troops under them. In January or February 280, Ma Long, with the help of Meiguneng (沒骨能) and other tribal leaders, decisively defeated and killed Shujineng. Another account states that after Shujineng was defeated, he was assassinated by his subordinates, who then submitted to Ma Long. 
With peace restored, Shujineng was replaced by his younger cousin, Tufa Wuwan (禿髮務丸), as their tribe's leader. Wuwan's great-great-grandson, Tufa Wugu (Prince Wu), would later found the Southern Liang dynasty during the Sixteen Kingdoms period.

References

Fang, Xuanling (ed.) (648). Book of Jin (Jin Shu).
Sima, Guang (1084). Zizhi Tongjian.
Wei, Shou (554). Book of Wei (Wei Shu).

Title: Laurence Lerner
Laurence Lerner (12 December 1925 – 19 January 2016), often called Larry, was a South African-born British literary critic, poet, novelist, and lecturer, recognized for his achievement with his election to The Royal Society of Literature.

Biography
Laurence Lerner was born in Cape Town, South Africa; his Jewish father Israel was from Zhitomir, Ukraine and his mother May from Abinger Hammer, England. He was educated at St George's Grammar School, Cape Town, the University of Cape Town and Pembroke College, Cambridge.
He was lecturer in English, from 1949 to 1953 at the University College of the Gold Coast in West Africa, from 1953 to 1962 tutor then lecturer in English at Queen's University Belfast (where one of his students was Seamus Heaney), lecturer then reader then professor of English at the University of Sussex (1962–84), and Edwin Mims Professor of English at Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee (1985–95). He won the 1991 Harvie Branscomb Distinguished Professor Award.
Lerner taught in many universities around the world in addition to those where he held positions jobs, including Munich, Dijon, various places in the US and Canada, Kashmir, Wurzburg, and Vienna. On British Council lecture tours he traveled to France, Germany, Spain, South America, Turkey and India. These experiences led to his most personal book, Wandering Professor.
Although he described himself as a follower who was surprised to be accepted, Lerner was an active member of the Society of Friends (Quakers), attending Brighton, Nashville and then Lewes meetings.  For many years, he taught a Shakespeare summer school at the Woodbrooke Quaker Study Centre.  He gave the Swarthmore Lecture in 1984 (The Two Cinnas – Quakerism, Revolution and Poetry). He was Clerk to the Lewes meeting for several years. He was also a Governor of Leighton Park School, a Quaker school in England.
He published nine collections of poetry, three novels, ten books of literary criticism, reflections on English language usage and life as a professor, and lectures, essays and poems.  He edited two anthologies of modern literary criticism of Shakespeare's plays for Penguin Books, which were widely used by A-level students in the UK.

Personal life
He married Natalie Winch in 1948, whom he met in South Africa. Their marriage lasted until her death in 2014. They had four sons, David and Edwin, born in Accra, Ghana, and Martin and Richard, born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
He died on 19 January 2016 at the age of 90.

Works
Poetry
Domestic Interior,  Hutchinson, 1959
The Directions of Memory,  Chatto & Windus, 1964
Selves, Routledge, 1969 ISBN 978-0710064080.
A.R.T.H.U.R.: the life and opinions of a digital computer. University of Massachusetts Press. 1975. ISBN 978-0-87023-181-0.
A.R.T.H.U.R & M.A.R.T.H.A. The loves of the computers,  Secker & Warburg, 1980 ISBN 978-0436244407
The Man I Killed, Secker & Warburg, 1980 ISBN 978-0-436245503
Chapter & Verse: Bible Poems, Secker & Warburg, 1984 ISBN 0-436-24441-1
Selected Poems, Secker & Warburg, 1984
Rembrandt's Mirror, Secker & Warburg, 1987 ISBN 0-436-24444-6

Fiction
The Englishman, Hamish Hamilton, 1959
A Free Man, Chatto & Windus, 1968 ISBN 978-0701112677
My Grandfather's Grandfather, Secker & Warburg, 1985 ISBN 0-436-24443-8

Criticism
The Truest Poetry: An essay on the Question, What is Literature? Hamish Hamilton, 1960
The Art of George Eliot. A selection of contemporary reviews (including Henry James, George Saintsbury, Geraldine Jewsbury and Sidney Colvin), with John Holstrom, Bodley Head, 1966
The Truthtellers: Jane Austen, George Eliot, D H Lawrence, Chatto & Windus, 1967
The Uses of Nostalgia: Studies in Pastoral, Chatto & Windus, 1972 ISBN 0-7011-1826-1
An introduction to English poetry: fifteen poems discussed by Laurence Lerner, Edward Arnold, 1975 ISBN 978-0-7131-5789-5.
The Victorians, Methuen, 1978, ISBN 978-0-416-56210-1
Love & Marriage: Literature in its Social Context, Edward Arnold, 1979
The Literary Imagination: Essays on Literature & Society, Harvester, 1982
The Frontiers of Literature, Blackwell, 1988
Angels and Absences: child deaths in the nineteenth century, Vanderbilt University Press, 1997, ISBN 978-0-8265-1287-1
Reading Women's Poetry. Sussex Academic Press. 2009. ISBN 978-1-84519-337-9.

Other works
Shakespeare's Tragedies; An Anthology of Modern Criticism, Penguin, 1963, ASIN B000GR3A7W
Shakespeare's Comedies; An Anthology of Modern Criticism, Penguin, 1967, ASIN B002R84WZC
"The History of a Poem", The Dark Horse, Summer 1997
You Can't Say That! English Usage Today. Cambridge University Press. 2010. ISBN 978-0-521-14097-3.
Wandering Professor, Caliban, 1999, ISBN 0-9536307-0-6.

Poem
Here is a poem by Laurence Lerner (not infringing copyright, since submitted by the author, who holds the copyright!)
Kaspar Hauser
All that long time there was the place I was,
All that long same, the dark and constant same.
I came to being and it bit my eyes.
I want to be a rider like my father.
A soldier was my father was a horseman.
I want to be a rider and I want
Out of that same he carried me upstairs,
Out of that dark and then I stood to lean;
The soft ground stood and hit me where I fell.
When it was hunger time they put soft life
Into my mouth. It moved. The warm flesh tore
Under my teeth. This could be me I'm eating.
I spat and called: I loved that time, those horses,
The brittle bread, the water, the soft dark,
The stiff floor always there, the always steady
Till I was carried to the bumpy world:
The air threw needles at my eyes. I fell.
Where were my walls, my horse to push, and where –
I want my floor my bread my dark my always –
I want the same the only same the only –
I want to be a rider like my father

Readings
Readings by Laurence Lerner of several of his poems appear on YouTube

See also
List of South Africans

References
External links
"Laurence Lerner" (Fellows Remembered), The Royal Society of Literature

Title: Afshar, Kabul
Afshar (Dari: افشار) is a hillside settlement situated in western Kabul city, the capital of Afghanistan. Most of its population are of the Qizilbash ethnic group.

See also
Afshar operation


== References ==

Title: Daniel Blanc-Gonnet
Daniel Blanc-Gonnet (born July 27, 1994, in Portland, Oregon), is an American International motorcycle trials rider. Blanc-Gonnet was NATC National Trials Expert 125cc champion in 2011 and runner-up in the NATC Pro Championship in 2018.

Biography
In 2011 Blanc-Gonnet became the 125cc NATC National Champion after taking 5 wins out of the seven rounds.
A move up to the Expert class was on the cards for 2012, and he made the most of it taking podiums in California, Ohio and both days at the end of season  Rhode Island event. This was enough for 4th overall in the championship.
Making a good start to the 2013 season, Blanc-Gonnet placed 2nd and 3rd in New York. When the series moved to Vermont a 3rd on day one was followed by a disappointing 8th on day two. But the season came around and good placings in Arizona, New Mexico and Minnesota brought him up to 2nd place in the series. Blanc-Gonnet moved up to the NATC Pro class for the final event of the season, placing 8th.
2014 was his first full season in the Pro class and he rode well, finishing 4th overall.
Work commitments limited Blanc-Gonnet's 2015 season to only four rounds, but he got on the podium in both of the last rounds in Wyoming for a creditable 7th place series finish.
In 2016 he signed for the factory Montesa team and was again 7th in the national series after facing some stiff competition all year. He joined fellow riders Andrew Putt and Brian Roper in the American Trial des Nations team in France where they placed 4th in the International Trophy class.
One step higher in 2017 with 6th in the NATC Pro championship.
Gas Gas US announced that Blanc-Gonnet had been signed for their US factory team to compete in the NATC series. 2018 saw Blanc-Gonnet put in his best rides so far. He took runner-up positions in New Mexico, Colorado, Arizona and California, ending the season in 2nd place behind Sherco rider Patrick Smage. Blanc-Gonnet also won the prestigious Colorado Ute Cup event for 2018 which has been held every year since 1970 by the Rocky Mountain Trials Association.

National Trials Championship Career
Honors
US National NATC Expert 125 Trials Champion 2011
Ute Cup winner 2018

See also
NATC Trials Championship
FIM Trial European Championship
FIM Trial World Championship


== References ==

Title: The Republic of Myopia
The Republic of Myopia is an Australian musical with book and lyrics by Jonathan Biggins, Drew Forsythe and Phillip Scott and music by Phillip Scott.
The comedic musical is set in 1904 in the fictional central European republic of Myopia. The Myopians are an old-fashioned, peaceful and happy people ruled by a benevolent President, until an American envoy visits to make things 'better'.
Sydney Theatre Company premiered the musical to open the Sydney Theatre, performed in repertory with Katherine Thomson's play Harbour (which shared the same cast).  It was directed by Biggins with choreography by Ross Coleman. 
An original cast recording was released.

Cast
Peter Carroll
Tamsin Carroll
Simon Gleeson
Drew Forsythe
Mitchell Butel
Genevieve Lemon
Helen Dallimore
William Zappa
Melissa Jaffer
Christopher Pitman

Awards
The production received three nominations at the 2004 Helpmann Awards, for Best Music Direction (Phillip Scott), Best Male Actor in a Musical (Peter Carroll) and Best Male Actor in a Supporting Role in a Musical (Mitchell Butel).
The musical received the AWGIE Award for Music Theatre in 2005.


== References ==

Title: Gurudhakshaneiy
Gurudhakshaneiy (transl. Gift for the teacher) is a 1969 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by A. P. Nagarajan. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Jayalalithaa, Padmini and K. Balaji. It was released on 14 June 1969.

Plot
Kannan is an uneducated, hardworking, village farmer who is known to be quick in anger. Kanni is his lover. To the village, comes Devaki who is a teacher. Jealous elements start to spread rumors about Kannan and Devaki much to the chagrin of her father. However, Devaki is already engaged to Vasudevan, whose opinion alone matters to Devaki. Kanni also trusts Kannan. In the climax, it is revealed that Kannan has been secretly getting educated unable to bear the shame of doing so in public. Vasudevan absolutely trusts Devaki even without questioning as does Kanni and everyone's doubts are cleared.

Cast
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Pukazhenthi, supervised by K. V. Mahadevan, with lyrics by Kannadasan.

Release and reception
Gurudhakshaneiy was released on 14 June 1969. The Indian Express called it "a sad attempt at portraying an unlettered villager becoming not only literate but a hero capable of great sacrifice."

References
External links
Gurudhakshaneiy at IMDb

Title: Paweensuda Drouin
Jennifer Paweensuda Drouin (Thai: เจนนิเฟอร์ ปวีณสุดา แซ่ตั่น ดรูอิ้น; born 12 October 1993) is a Thai model, DJ and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Thailand 2019 and was a top five finalist at Miss Universe 2019.
Drouin was born in Thailand and raised in Canada. She began her career as a model and DJ after returning to Thailand as an adult. She was the first runner-up in Miss Thailand 2013 and second runner-up in Miss Universe Thailand 2017, appointed Miss Earth Thailand 2017, and went on to be placed in the top eight at Miss Earth 2017.

Early life
Jennifer Paweensuda Drouin was born in Thailand. Her mother is Thai Chinese, and her Canadian father is of Cuban-French descent. Drouin was raised in Canada. After finishing high school, she enrolled in the University of Calgary. In 2017, she graduated with a degree in kinesiology. She began her career as a DJ in Bangkok after returning to Thailand as an adult.

Pageantry
Drouin began her pageantry career at Miss Thailand Chinese Cosmos 2013, finishing in second place. She was then selected to represent Thailand at Miss Chinese Cosmos Southeast Asia 2013 in Malaysia, where she reached the top eight. In December 2013, she competed in Miss Thailand 2013 and finished as the first runner-up.
After Miss Thailand, Drouin returned to education, with her next contest being Miss Universe Thailand 2017. There, she was second runner up to Maria Poonlertlarp, and won the special award, Miss Smile. Drouin then represented Thailand at Miss Earth 2017, where she reached the top eight. Two years later she competed again and won Miss Universe Thailand 2019. In the competition, she won the Best Swimsuit, Perfect Poses, Miss Popular Vote awards, and was one of ten contestants awarded the Golden Tiara. Drouin represented Thailand at Miss Universe 2019 and reached the top five.

Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Paweensuda Drouin at IMDb

Title: The Well of Loneliness
The Well of Loneliness is a lesbian novel by British author Radclyffe Hall that was first published in 1928 by Jonathan Cape. It follows the life of Stephen Gordon, an Englishwoman from an upper-class family whose "sexual inversion" (homosexuality) is apparent from an early age. She finds love with Mary Llewellyn, whom she meets while serving as an ambulance driver during the First World War, but their happiness together is marred by social isolation and rejection, which Hall depicts as the typical sufferings of "inverts", with predictably debilitating effects. The novel portrays "inversion" as a natural, God-given state and makes an explicit plea: "Give us also the right to our existence".
Shortly after the book's publication, it became the target of a campaign by James Douglas, editor of the Sunday Express. Douglas wrote that "I would rather give a healthy boy or a healthy girl a phial of prussic acid than this novel." A British court judged it obscene because it defended "unnatural practices between women"; not until 1949, twenty years later, was it again published in England. In the United States, the book survived legal challenges in New York state and in Customs Court.
Publicity over The Well of Loneliness's legal battles increased the visibility of lesbians in British and American culture. For decades it was the best-known lesbian novel in English, and often the first source of information about lesbianism that young people could find. Some readers have valued it, while others have criticised it for Stephen's expressions of self-hatred, and viewed it as inspiring shame. The novel was subject to great criticism in its time (some of which may have been motivated by prejudice) but has come to be recognised as a classic of queer literature.
The book entered the public domain in the United States in 2024.

Background
In 1926, Radclyffe Hall was at the height of her career. Her novel Adam's Breed, about the spiritual awakening of an Italian headwaiter, had become a best-seller; it would soon win the Prix Femina and the James Tait Black Prize. She had long thought of writing a novel about sexual inversion; now, she believed, her literary reputation would allow such a work to be given a hearing. Since she knew she was risking scandal and "the shipwreck of her whole career", she sought and received the blessing of her partner, Una Troubridge, before she began work. Her goals were social and political; she wanted to end public silence about homosexuality and bring about "a more tolerant understanding" – as well as to "spur all classes of inverts to make good through hard work...and sober and useful living".
In April 1928, she told her editor that her new book would require complete commitment from its publisher and that she would not allow even one word to be altered. "I have put my pen at the service of some of the most persecuted and misunderstood people in the world...So far as I know nothing of the kind has ever been attempted before in fiction." One of the reasons Hall cited for making the book, was that she wanted to be the first person to "smash the conspiracy of silence" about sexual inversion.

Social and cultural context
Paris lesbian and gay subculture
In Hall's time, Paris was known for having a relatively large and visible gay and lesbian community – in part because France, unlike England, had no laws against male homosexuality. Marcel Proust's novels continued in their influence upon 1920s Parisian society depicting lesbian and gay subculture. When Stephen first travels to Paris, at the urging of her friend Jonathan Brockett – who may be based on Noël Coward – she has not yet spoken about her inversion to anyone. Brockett, acting as tour guide, hints at a secret history of inversion in the city by referring to Marie Antoinette's rumoured relationship with the Princesse de Lamballe.

Brockett next introduces Stephen to Valérie Seymour, who – like her prototype, Natalie Clifford Barney – is the hostess of a literary salon, many of whose guests are lesbians and gay men. Immediately after this meeting Stephen announces she has decided to settle in Paris at 35 Rue Jacob (purchased at Seymour's recommendation), with its temple in a corner of an overgrown garden. Barney lived and held her salon at 20 Rue Jacob. Stephen is wary of Valérie, and does not visit her salon until after the war, when Brockett persuades her that Mary is becoming too isolated. She finds Valérie to be an "indestructible creature" capable of bestowing a sense of self-respect on others, at least temporarily: "everyone felt very normal and brave when they gathered together at Valérie Seymour's". With Stephen's misgivings "drugged", she and Mary are drawn further into the "desolate country" of Paris gay life. At Alec's Bar – the worst in a series of depressing nightspots – they encounter "the battered remnants of men who...despised of the world, must despise themselves beyond all hope, it seemed, of salvation".
Many of those familiar with the subculture she described, including her own friends, disagreed with her portrayal of it; Romaine Brooks called her "a digger-up of worms with the pretension of a distinguished archaeologist". Hall's correspondence shows that the negative view of bars like Alec's that she expressed in The Well was sincerely meant, but she also knew that such bars did not represent the only homosexual communities in Paris. It is a commonplace of criticism that her own experience of lesbian life was not as miserable as Stephen's. By focusing on misery and describing its cause as "ceaseless persecution" by "the so-called just and righteous", she intensified the urgency of her plea for change.

World War I
Although Hall's author's note disclaims any real-world basis for the ambulance unit that Stephen joins, she drew heavily on the wartime experiences of her friend Toupie Lowther, co-commander of the only women's unit to serve on the front in France. Lowther, like Stephen, came from an aristocratic family, adopted a masculine style of dress, and was an accomplished fencer, tennis player, motorist and jujitsu enthusiast. In later years she said the character of Stephen was based on her, which may have been partly true.
In The Well of Loneliness, war work provides a publicly acceptable role for inverted women. The narrative voice asks that their contributions not be forgotten and predicts that they will not go back into hiding: "a battalion was formed in those terrible years that would never again be completely disbanded". This military metaphor continues later in the novel when inverts in postwar Paris are repeatedly referred to as a "miserable army". Hall invokes the image of the shell-shocked soldier to depict inverts as psychologically damaged by their outcast status: "for bombs do not trouble the nerves of the invert, but rather that terrible silent bombardment from the batteries of God's good people".

Christianity and spiritualism
Hall, who had converted to the Roman Catholic Church in 1912, was devoutly religious. She was also a believer in communication with the dead and had once hoped to become a medium – a fact that brought her into conflict with the church, which condemned spiritualism. Both these beliefs made their way into The Well of Loneliness.
Stephen, born on Christmas Eve and named after the first martyr of Christianity, dreams as a child that "in some queer way she [is] Jesus". When she discovers that Collins, object of her childhood crush, has housemaid's knee, she prays that the affliction be transferred to her: "I would like to wash Collins in my blood, Lord Jesus – I would like very much to be a Saviour to Collins – I love her, and I want to be hurt like You were". This childish desire for martyrdom prefigures Stephen's ultimate self-sacrifice for Mary's sake. After she tricks Mary into leaving her – carrying out a plan that leads Valérie to exclaim "you were made for a martyr!" – Stephen, left alone in her home, sees the room thronged with inverts, living, dead and unborn. They call on her to intercede with God for them and finally possess her. It is with their collective voice that she demands of God, "Give us also the right to our existence".
After Stephen reads Krafft-Ebing in her father's library, she opens the Bible at random, seeking a sign, and reads Genesis 4:15, "And the Lord set a mark upon Cain ..." Hall uses the mark of Cain, a sign of shame and exile, throughout the novel as a metaphor for the situation of inverts. Her defence of inversion took the form of a religious argument: God had created inverts, so humanity should accept them. The Well's use of religious imagery outraged the book's opponents, but Hall's vision of inversion as a God-given state was an influential contribution to the language of LGBT rights.

Plot summary
The book's protagonist, Stephen Gordon, is born in the late Victorian era to upper-class parents in Worcestershire who are expecting a boy and who christen her with the name they had already chosen. Even at birth she is physically unusual, a "narrow-hipped, wide-shouldered little tadpole of a baby". She hates dresses, wants to cut her hair short and longs to be a boy. At seven she develops a crush on a housemaid named Collins and is devastated when she sees Collins kissing a footman.
Stephen's father, Sir Phillip, dotes on her; he seeks to understand her through the writings of Karl Heinrich Ulrichs, the first modern writer to propose a theory of homosexuality, but does not share his findings with Stephen. Her mother, Lady Anna, is distant, seeing Stephen as a "blemished, unworthy, maimed reproduction" of Sir Phillip. At eighteen Stephen forms a close friendship with a Canadian man, Martin Hallam, but is horrified when he declares his love for her. The following winter Sir Phillip is crushed by a falling tree; at the last moment he tries to explain to Lady Anna that Stephen is an invert but dies without managing to do so.
Stephen begins to dress in masculine clothes made by a tailor rather than a dressmaker. At twenty-one she falls in love with Angela Crossby, the American wife of a new neighbour. Angela uses Stephen as an "anodyne against boredom", allowing her "a few rather schoolgirlish kisses". The pair conduct a relationship that, although not explicitly stated, seems to have some sexual element, at least for Stephen. Then Stephen discovers that Angela is having an affair with a man. Fearing exposure, Angela shows a letter from Stephen to her husband, who sends a copy to Stephen's mother. Lady Anna denounces Stephen for "presum[ing] to use the word love in connection with...these unnatural cravings of your unbalanced mind and undisciplined body." Stephen replies, "As my father loved you, I loved...It was good, good, good – I'd have laid down my life a thousand times over for Angela Crossby." After the argument Stephen goes to her father's study and for the first time opens his locked bookcase. She finds a book by Krafft-Ebing – assumed by critics to be Psychopathia Sexualis, a text about homosexuality and paraphilias – and, reading it, learns that she is an invert.
Stephen moves to London and writes a well-received first novel. Her second novel is less successful, and her friend, the playwright Jonathan Brockett, himself an invert, urges her to travel to Paris to improve her writing through a fuller experience of life. There she makes her first, brief contact with urban invert culture, meeting the lesbian salon hostess Valérie Seymour. During World War I she joins an ambulance unit, eventually serving at the front and earning the Croix de Guerre. She falls in love with a younger fellow driver, Mary Llewellyn, who comes to live with her after the war ends. They are happy at first, but Mary becomes lonely when Stephen returns to writing. Rejected by polite society, Mary throws herself into Parisian nightlife. Stephen believes Mary is becoming hardened and embittered and feels powerless to provide her with "a more normal and complete existence".
Martin Hallam, now living in Paris, rekindles his old friendship with Stephen. In time, he falls in love with Mary. Persuaded that she cannot give Mary happiness, Stephen pretends to have an affair with Valérie Seymour to drive her into Martin's arms. The novel ends with Stephen's plea to God: "Give us also the right to our existence!"

Sexology
Hall describes The Well of Loneliness as "The first long and very serious novel entirely upon the subject of sexual inversion". She wrote The Well of Loneliness in part to popularise the ideas of sexologists such as Richard von Krafft-Ebing and Havelock Ellis, who regarded homosexuality as an inborn and unalterable trait: congenital sexual inversion.
In Krafft-Ebing's Psychopathia Sexualis (1886), the first book Stephen finds in her father's study, inversion is described as a degenerative disorder common in families with histories of mental illness. Exposure to these ideas leads Stephen to describe herself and other inverts as "hideously maimed and ugly". Later texts such as Sexual Inversion (1896) by Havelock Ellis – who contributed a foreword to The Well – described inversion simply as a difference, not as a defect. By 1901 Krafft-Ebing had adopted a similar view. Hall championed their ideas over those of the psychoanalysts, who saw homosexuality as a form of arrested psychological development, and some of whom believed it could be changed. Indeed, Havelock Ellis' commentary for the novel, which, although edited and censored to some extent, aligns the novel directly with theories of sexual inversion: "I have read The Well of Loneliness with great interest because—apart from its fine qualities as a novel by a writer of accomplished art—it possesses a notable psychological and sociological significance. So far as I know, it is the first English novel which presents, in a completely faithful and uncompromising form, one particular aspect of sexual life as it exists among us today. The relation of certain people, who, while different from their fellow human beings, are sometimes of the highest character and the finest aptitudes—to the often hostile society in which they move, presents difficult and still unresolved problems".
The term sexual inversion implied gender role reversal. Female inverts were, to a greater or lesser degree, inclined to traditionally male pursuits and dress; according to Krafft-Ebing, they had a "masculine soul". Krafft-Ebing believed that the most extreme inverts also exhibited reversal of secondary sex characteristics; Ellis's research had not demonstrated any such physical differences, but he devoted a great deal of study to the search for them. The idea appears in The Well in Stephen's unusual proportions at birth and in the scene set at Valerie Seymour's salon, where "the timbre of a voice, the build of an ankle, the texture of a hand" reveals the inversion of the guests.

Social impact and legacy
Awareness of homosexuality in society
In 1921, Lord Birkenhead, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, had opposed a bill that would have criminalised lesbianism on the grounds that "of every thousand women ... 999 have never even heard a whisper of these practices". In reality, awareness of lesbianism had been gradually increasing since World War I, but it was still a subject most people had never heard of, or perhaps just preferred to ignore. The Well of Loneliness made sexual inversion a subject of household conversation for the first time. The banning of the book drew so much attention to the very subject it was intended to suppress that it left British authorities wary of further attempts to censor books for lesbian content. In 1935, after a complaint about a health book entitled The Single Woman and Her Emotional Problems, a Home Office memo noted: "It is notorious that the prosecution of the Well of Loneliness resulted in infinitely greater publicity about lesbianism than if there had been no prosecution."
In a study of a working-class lesbian community in Buffalo, New York, in the 1940s and 1950s, The Well of Loneliness was the only work of lesbian literature anyone had read or heard of. For many young lesbians in the 1950s, it was the only source of information about lesbianism. The Well's name recognition made it possible to find when bookstores and libraries did not yet have sections devoted to LGBT literature. As late as 1994, an article in Feminist Review noted that The Well "regularly appears in coming-out stories – and not just those of older lesbians". It has often been mocked: Terry Castle says that "like many bookish lesbians I seem to have spent much of my adult life making jokes about it", and Mary Renault, who read it in 1938, remembered laughing at its "earnest humourlessness" and "impermissible allowance of self-pity". Yet it has also produced powerful emotional responses, both positive and negative. One woman was so angry at the thought of how The Well would affect an "isolated emerging lesbian" that she "wrote a note in the library book, to tell other readers that women loving women can be beautiful". A Holocaust survivor said, "Remembering that book, I wanted to live long enough to kiss another woman."

Clothing and sexuality
James Douglas illustrated his denunciation of The Well with a photograph of Radclyffe Hall in a silk smoking jacket and bow tie, holding a cigarette and monocle. She was also wearing a straight knee-length skirt, but later Sunday Express articles cropped the photo so tightly that it became difficult to tell she was not wearing trousers. Hall's style of dress was not scandalous in the 1920s; short hairstyles were common, and the combination of tailored jackets and short skirts was a recognised fashion, discussed in magazines as the "severely masculine" look. Some lesbians, like Hall, adopted variations of the style as a way of signalling their sexuality, but it was a code that only a few knew how to read. With the controversy over The Well of Loneliness, Hall became the public face of sexual inversion, and all women who favoured masculine fashions came under new scrutiny. Lesbian journalist Evelyn Irons – who considered Hall's style of dress "rather effeminate" compared to her own – said that after the publication of The Well, truck drivers would call out on the street to any woman who wore a collar and tie: "Oh, you're Miss Radclyffe Hall". Some welcomed their newfound visibility: when Hall spoke at a luncheon in 1932, the audience was full of women who had imitated her look. But in a study of lesbian women in Salt Lake City in the 1920s and '30s, nearly all regretted the publication of The Well because it had drawn unwanted attention to them.

Negative portrayal of the feminine lesbian
In the 1970s and early '80s, when lesbian feminists rejected the butch and femme identities that Hall's novel had helped to define, writers like Jane Rule and Blanche Wiesen Cook criticised The Well for defining lesbianism in terms of masculinity, as well as for presenting lesbian life as "joyless".
Furthermore, The Well arguably embodies what modern readers may regard as misogynistic and biphobic ideas in its presentation of the femme women who experience attraction towards Stephen but eventually end up in heterosexual relationships. Mary's femininity, in particular, is belittled by Hall's presentation of her: She is not Stephen's equal in age, education, family, or wealth, and so is constantly infantilised by her lover. This, coupled with Mary's dependence on Stephen, seems to emphasise the supposed inferiority of the feminine to the masculine. As Clare Hemmings argues, Mary is merely used as "a means for Stephen to reach her own understanding of the true nature of the deviant's plight".
Moreover, Hemmings continues that both Mary and Angela represent the "'traitorous femme' who remains untrustworthy as she may leave you [her female lover] for a man".

Bisexuality
The understanding of sexuality represented in the novel is considered strictly in binary terms and exists within misogynistic stereotypes that were prevalent when the novel was published. This contributes to the undertones of biphobia that are present in the treatment of the femme characters that exhibit female-female sexual attraction, especially so in the treatment of Mary. These choices could be partly explained by the understanding of the term bisexuality at the time. During the interwar period the definition was most often understood as a scientific term describing a psychological gender duality, rather than referencing a sexual preference. In other words, the term was used as a scientific neologism for androgyny, and related to understandings of gender and sex, but not to sexual preferences. Some women in this period ascribed to the theory of Otto Weininger, who suggested that those attracted to others of their own sex were born neither male nor female, but both: they were "sexually intermediate types" This theory posited that "the woman who attracts and is attracted by other women is herself half male" and that "homo-sexuality in a woman is the outcome of her masculinity and presupposes a higher degree of development".

Conflations between sexuality and gender
Other criticism focuses on the potential confusion of sexuality with gender in the novel. Jay Prosser argues that in "rightly tracing Hall's debt to nineteenth-century sexologists, critics have wrongly reduced sexual inversion to homosexuality." What many refer to as Stephen's 'butch lesbianism', Prosser suggests, is actually a transgender identity. As a child, Stephen insists that she is male – "Yes, of course I'm a boy ... I must be a boy 'cause I feel exactly like one", – and, when talking to their mother, Stephen says that "All my life I've never felt like a woman, and you know it." Through Stephen's final rejection of Mary, ostensibly so that Mary can participate in a heterosexual relationship with Martin and therefore have a more secure life, Prosser surmises that "Stephen affirms her identification with the heterosexual man".
Esther Newton, writing in 1989, provides a different perspective of Hall's seemingly confusing depiction of Stephen's lesbianism and its conflation with her gender, hinging her discussion on understanding The Well in its historical and social context. Newton argues that "Hall and many other feminists like her embraced [...] the image of the mannish lesbian [...] primarily because they desperately wanted to break out of the asexual model of romantic friendship" prevalent in the nineteenth century. Sex was seen as something that "could only occur in the presence of an imperial and imperious penis", such that sex between women was simply not recognised to exist. Newton shows how sexologists of the time, like Ellis, echoes this sentiment, where his "antifeminism and reluctance to see active lust in women committed him to fusing inversion and masculinity". In a society "very conscious of sex and its vast importance", Stephen feels excluded from the rigid, feminine role imposed on her as a biological female. Hence, for Stephen's lesbianism to be recognised by the readers in that time, Hall had to deliberately show Stephen "enter(ing) the male world, [...] as a lesbian in male body drag", which simultaneously enabled the feminine women in the novel to demonstrate their lesbianism through "association with their masculine partners".
The novel has had its defenders among feminists in the academy, such as Alison Hennegan, pointing out that the novel did raise awareness of homosexuality among the British public and cleared the way for later work that tackled gay and lesbian issues.
In more recent criticism, critics have tended to focus on the novel's historical context, but The Well's reputation as "the most depressing lesbian novel ever written" persists and is still controversial. Some critics see the book as reinforcing homophobic beliefs, while others argue that the book's tragedy and its depiction of shame are its most compelling aspects.
The Well's ideas and attitudes now strike many readers as dated, and few critics praise its literary quality. Nevertheless, it continues to compel critical attention, to provoke strong identification and intense emotional reactions in some readers, and to elicit a high level of personal engagement from its critics.

Publication and contemporary response
Three publishers praised The Well but turned it down. Hall's agent then sent the manuscript to Jonathan Cape who, though cautious about publishing a controversial book, saw the potential for a commercial success. Cape tested the waters with a small print run of 1500 copies, priced at 15 shillings – about twice the cost of an average novel – to make it less attractive to sensation-seekers. Publication, originally scheduled for late 1928, was brought forward when he discovered that another novel with a lesbian theme, Compton Mackenzie's Extraordinary Women, was to be published in September. Though the two books proved to have little in common, Hall and Cape saw Extraordinary Women as a competitor and wanted to beat it to market. The Well appeared on 27 July, in a black cover with a plain jacket. Cape sent review copies only to newspapers and magazines he thought would handle the subject matter non-sensationally.
Early reviews were mixed. Some critics found the novel too preachy; others, including Leonard Woolf, thought it was poorly structured, or complained of sloppiness in style. There was praise for its sincerity and artistry, and some expressed sympathy with Hall's moral argument. In the three weeks after the book appeared in bookstores, no reviewer called for its suppression or suggested that it should not have been published. A review in T.P.'s & Cassell's Weekly foresaw no difficulties for The Well: "One cannot say what effect this book will have on the public attitude of silence or derision, but every reader will agree with Mr. Havelock Ellis in the preface, that 'the poignant situations are set forth with a complete absence of offence.'"
Papers from the author's archive, which are set to be digitised by the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas alongside those of her partner, the artist Una Vincenzo, Lady Troubridge, show that the novel was supported by thousands of readers, who wrote to Hall in outrage at the ban.

Possible autobiography
Although Hall's childhood bore little resemblance to Stephen's life, in the 1970s and 1980s, some writers such as Hall's early biographers Lovat Dickson and Richard Ormrod had treated The Well of Loneliness as a thinly veiled autobiography. Angela Crossby may be a composite of various women with whom Hall had affairs in her youth, but Mary, whose lack of outside interests leaves her idle when Stephen is working, does not resemble Hall's partner Una Troubridge, an accomplished sculptor who translated Colette's novels into English. Hall said she drew on herself only for the "fundamental emotions that are characteristic of the inverted".

Sunday Express campaign
James Douglas, editor of the Sunday Express, did not agree. Douglas was a dedicated moralist and an exponent of muscular Christianity, a movement which sought to reinvigorate the Church of England by promoting physical health and manliness. His colourfully worded editorials on subjects such as "the flapper vote" (that is, the extension of suffrage to women under 30) and "modern sex novelists" helped the Express family of papers prosper in the cutthroat circulation wars of the late 1920s. These leader articles (editorials) shared the pages of the Sunday Express with gossip, murderers' confessions, and features about the love affairs of great men and women of the past.

Douglas's campaign against The Well of Loneliness began on 18 August, with poster and billboard advertising and a teaser in the Daily Express promising to expose "A Book That Should Be Suppressed". In his editorial the next day, Douglas wrote that "sexual inversion and perversion" had already become too visible and that the publication of The Well brought home the need for society to "cleans[e] itself from the leprosy of these lepers". For Douglas the sexological view of homosexuality was pseudoscience, incompatible with the Christian doctrine of free will; instead, he argued, homosexuals were damned by their own choice – which meant that others could be corrupted by "their propaganda". Above all, children must be protected: "I would rather give a healthy boy or a healthy girl a phial of prussic acid than this novel. Poison kills the body, but moral poison kills the soul." He called on the publishers to withdraw the book and the Home Secretary to take action if they did not. (The comparison between pornography and poison was made by Lord Chief Justice, Lord Campbell, on introducing the Obscene Publications Act 1857.)
In what Hall described as an act of "imbecility coupled with momentary panic", Jonathan Cape sent a copy of The Well to the Home Secretary for his opinion, offering to withdraw the book if it would be in the public interest to do so. The Home Secretary was William Joynson-Hicks, a Conservative known for his crackdowns on alcohol, nightclubs and gambling, as well as for his opposition to a revised version of The Book of Common Prayer. He took only two days to reply that The Well was "gravely detrimental to the public interest"; if Cape did not withdraw it voluntarily, criminal proceedings would be brought.
Cape announced that he had stopped publication, but he secretly leased the rights to Pegasus Press, an English-language publisher in France. His partner Wren Howard took papier-mâché moulds of the type to Paris, and by 28 September, Pegasus Press was shipping its edition to the London bookseller Leopold Hill, who acted as distributor. With publicity increasing demand, sales were brisk, but the reappearance of The Well on bookshop shelves soon came to the attention of the Home Office. On 3 October Joynson-Hicks issued a warrant for shipments of the book to be seized.
One consignment of 250 copies was stopped at Dover. Then the Chairman of the Board of Customs balked. He had read The Well and considered it a fine book, not at all obscene; he wanted no part of suppressing it. On 19 October he released the seized copies for delivery to Leopold Hill's premises, where the Metropolitan Police were waiting with a search warrant. Hill and Cape were summoned to appear at Bow Street Magistrates' Court to show cause why the book should not be destroyed.

Response
From its beginning, the Sunday Express's campaign drew the attention of other papers. Some backed Douglas, including the Sunday Chronicle, The People and Truth. The Daily News and Westminster Gazette ran a review that, without commenting on Douglas's action, said the novel "present[ed] as a martyr a woman in the grip of a vice". Most of the British press defended The Well. The Nation suggested that the Sunday Express had only started its campaign because it was August, the journalistic silly season when good stories are scarce. Country Life and Lady's Pictorial both ran positive reviews. Arnold Dawson of the Daily Herald, a Labour newspaper, called Douglas a "stunt journalist"; he said no one would give the book to a child, no child would want to read it, and any who did would find nothing harmful. Dawson also printed a scathing condemnation of the Home Office by H. G. Wells and George Bernard Shaw and started a counter-campaign that helped Hall obtain statements of support from the National Union of Railwaymen and the South Wales Miners' Federation.
Leonard Woolf and E. M. Forster drafted a letter of protest against the suppression of The Well, assembling a list of supporters that included Shaw, T. S. Eliot, Arnold Bennett, Vera Brittain and Ethel Smyth. According to Virginia Woolf, the plan broke down when Hall objected to the wording of the letter, insisting it mention her book's "artistic merit – even genius". The Well's sentimental romanticism, traditional form, and lofty style – using words like withal, betoken and hath – did not appeal to Modernist aesthetics; not all those willing to defend it on grounds of literary freedom were equally willing to praise its artistry. The petition dwindled to a short letter in The Nation and Athenaeum, signed by Forster and Virginia Woolf, that focused on the chilling effects of censorship on writers.

UK trial
The obscenity trial began on 9 November 1928. Cape's solicitor Harold Rubinstein sent out 160 letters to potential witnesses. Many were reluctant to appear in court; according to Virginia Woolf, "they generally put it down to the weak heart of a father, or a cousin who is about to have twins". About 40 turned up on the day of the trial, including Woolf herself, Forster, and such diverse figures as biologist Julian Huxley, Laurence Housman of the British Sexological Society, Robert Cust JP of the London Morality Council, Charles Ricketts of the Royal Academy of Art and Rabbi Joseph Frederick Stern of the East London Synagogue. Norman Haire, who was the star witness after Havelock Ellis bowed out, declared that homosexuality ran in families and a person could no more become it by reading books than if he could become syphilitic by reading about syphilis. None were allowed to offer their views of the novel. Under the Obscene Publications Act 1857, Chief Magistrate Sir Chartres Biron could decide whether the book was obscene without hearing any testimony on the question. "I don't think people are entitled to express an opinion upon a matter which is the decision of the court," he said. Since Hall herself was not on trial, she did not have the right to her own counsel, and Cape's barrister Norman Birkett had persuaded her not to give evidence herself.
Birkett arrived in court two hours late. In his defence, he tried to claim that the relationships between women in The Well of Loneliness were purely platonic in nature. Biron replied, "I have read the book." Hall had urged Birkett before the trial not to "sell the inverts in our defence". She took advantage of a lunch recess to tell him that if he continued to maintain her book had no lesbian content she would stand up in court and tell the magistrate the truth before anyone could stop her. Birkett was forced to retract. He argued instead that the book was tasteful and possessed a high degree of literary merit. James Melville, appearing for Leopold Hill, took a similar line: the book was "written in a reverend spirit", not to inspire libidinous thoughts but to examine a social question. The theme itself should not be forbidden, and the book's treatment of its theme was unexceptionable.

In his judgement, issued on 16 November, Biron applied the Hicklin test of obscenity: a work was obscene if it tended to "deprave and corrupt those whose minds are open to such immoral influences". He held that the book's literary merit was irrelevant because a well-written obscene book was even more harmful than a poorly written one. The topic in itself was not necessarily unacceptable; a book that depicted the "moral and physical degradation which indulgence in those vices must necessary involve" might be allowed, but no reasonable person could say that a plea for the recognition and toleration of inverts was not obscene. He ordered the book destroyed, with the defendants to pay court costs.

Appeal
Hill and Cape appealed to the London Court of Quarter Sessions. The prosecutor, Attorney General Sir Thomas Inskip, solicited testimony from biological and medical experts and from the writer Rudyard Kipling. But when Kipling appeared on the morning of the trial, Inskip told him he would not be needed. James Melville had wired the defence witnesses the night before to tell them not to come in. The panel of twelve magistrates who heard the appeal had to rely on passages Inskip read to them for knowledge of the book, since the Director of Public Prosecutions had refused to release copies for them to read. After deliberating for only five minutes, they upheld Biron's decision.

The Sink of Solitude
The Sink of Solitude, an anonymous lampoon in verse by "several hands", appeared in late 1928. It satirised both sides of the controversy over The Well of Loneliness, but its primary targets were Douglas and Joynson-Hicks, "Two Good Men – never mind their intellect". Though the introduction, by journalist P. R. Stephensen, described The Well's moral argument as "feeble" and dismissed Havelock Ellis as a "psychopath", The Sink itself endorsed the view that lesbianism was innate. It portrayed Hall as a humourless moralist who had a great deal in common with the opponents of her novel. One illustration, picking up on the theme of religious martyrdom in The Well, showed Hall nailed to a cross. The image horrified Hall; her guilt at being depicted in a drawing that she saw as blasphemous led to her choice of a religious subject for her next novel, The Master of the House.

Subsequent publication and availability
The Pegasus Press edition of the book remained available in France, and some copies made their way into the UK. In a "Letter from Paris" in The New Yorker, Janet Flanner reported that it sold most heavily at the news vendor's cart that served passengers travelling to London on La Fleche D'Or.
In 1946, three years after Hall's death, Troubridge wanted to include The Well in a Collected Memorial Edition of Hall's works. Peter Davies of the Windmill Press wrote to the Home Office's legal adviser to ask whether the post-war Labour administration would allow the book to be republished. Unknown to Troubridge, he added a postscript saying "I am not really anxious to do The Well of Loneliness and am rather relieved than otherwise by any lack of enthusiasm I may encounter in official circles." Home Secretary James Chuter Ede told Troubridge that any publisher reprinting the book would risk prosecution. In 1949, Falcon Press brought out an edition with no legal challenge. The Well has been in print continuously ever since and has been translated into at least fourteen languages. In the 1960s it was still selling 100,000 copies a year in the United States alone. Looking back on the controversy in 1972, Flanner remarked on how unlikely it seemed that a "rather innocent" book like The Well could have created such a scandal. In 1974, it was read to the British public on BBC Radio 4's Book at Bedtime. In May 1999, a dramatized version was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and has since been repeated on Radio 4 Extra.

US publication and trial
Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. had planned to publish The Well of Loneliness in the United States at the same time as Cape in the United Kingdom. But after Cape brought forward the publication date, Knopf found itself in the position of publishing a book that had been withdrawn in its home country. They refused, telling Hall that nothing they could do would keep the book from being treated as pornography.
Cape sold the US rights to the recently formed publishing house of Pascal Covici and Donald Friede. Friede had heard gossip about The Well at a party at Theodore Dreiser's house and immediately decided to acquire it. He had previously sold a copy of Dreiser's An American Tragedy to a Boston police officer to create a censorship test case, which he had lost; he was awaiting an appeal, which he would also lose. He took out a $10,000 bank loan to outbid another publisher which had offered a $7,500 advance, and enlisted Morris Ernst, co-founder of the American Civil Liberties Union, to defend the book against legal challenges. Friede invited John Saxton Sumner of the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice to buy a copy directly from him, to ensure that he, not a bookseller, would be the one prosecuted. He also travelled to Boston to give a copy to the Watch and Ward Society, hoping both to further challenge censorship of literature and to generate more publicity; he was disappointed when they told him they saw nothing wrong with the book.
In New York, Sumner and several police detectives seized 865 copies of The Well from the publisher's offices, and Friede was charged with selling an obscene publication. But Covici and Friede had already moved the printing plates out of New York in order to continue publishing the book. By the time the case came to trial, it had already been reprinted six times. Despite its price of $5 – twice the cost of an average novel – it sold more than 100,000 copies in its first year.
In the US, as in the UK, the Hicklin test of obscenity applied, but New York case law had established that books should be judged by their effects on adults rather than on children and that literary merit was relevant. When defending The Well, Ernst argued that because lesbianism itself was not an obscene subject, the book did not have any sexual explicitness. Ernst obtained statements from authors including Dreiser, Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Edna St. Vincent Millay, Sinclair Lewis, Sherwood Anderson, H. L. Mencken, Upton Sinclair, Ellen Glasgow and John Dos Passos. Besides, freedom of expression was protected by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. To make sure these supporters did not go unheard, he incorporated their opinions into his brief. His argument relied on a comparison with Mademoiselle de Maupin by Théophile Gautier, which had been cleared of obscenity in the 1922 case Halsey v. New York. Mademoiselle de Maupin described a lesbian relationship in more explicit terms than The Well did. According to Ernst, The Well had greater social value because it was more serious in tone and made a case against misunderstanding and intolerance.
In an opinion issued on 19 February 1929, Magistrate Hyman Bushel declined to take the book's literary qualities into account and said The Well was "calculated to deprave and corrupt minds open to its immoral influences". Under New York law, Bushel was not a trier of fact; he could only remand the case to the New York Court of Special Sessions for judgement. On 19 April, that court issued a three-paragraph decision stating that The Well's theme – a "delicate social problem" – did not violate the law unless written in such a way as to make it obscene. After "a careful reading of the entire book", they cleared it of all charges.
Covici-Friede then imported a copy of the Pegasus Press edition from France as a further test case and to solidify the book's US copyright. Customs barred the book from entering the country, which might also have prevented it from being shipped from state to state. Two months later in July, the United States Customs Court ruled that the book did not contain "one word, phrase, sentence or paragraph which could be truthfully pointed out as offensive to modesty".

Other 1928 lesbian novels
Three other novels with lesbian themes were published in England in 1928: Elizabeth Bowen's The Hotel, Virginia Woolf's Orlando and Compton Mackenzie's satirical novel Extraordinary Women. None were banned. The Hotel, like earlier English novels in which critics have identified lesbian themes, is marked by complete reticence, while Orlando may have been protected by its Modernist playfulness. The Home Office considered prosecuting Extraordinary Women, but concluded that it lacked the "earnestness" of The Well and would not inspire readers to adopt "the practices referred to". Mackenzie was disappointed; he had hoped a censorship case would increase his book's sales. Despite advertising that tried to cash in on the controversy over The Well by announcing that Radclyffe Hall was the model for one of the characters, it sold only 2,000 copies.
A fourth 1928 novel, Ladies Almanack by the American writer Djuna Barnes, not only contains a character based on Radclyffe Hall but includes passages that may be a response to The Well. Ladies Almanack is a roman à clef of a lesbian literary and artistic circle in Paris, written in an archaic, Rabelaisian style and starring Natalie Barney as Dame Evangeline Musset. Much as Sir Phillip paces his study worrying about Stephen, Dame Musset's father "pac[es] his library in the most normal of Night-Shirts". When, unlike Sir Phillip, he confronts his daughter, she replies confidently: "Thou, good Governor, wast expecting a Son when you lay atop of your Choosing ... Am I not doing after your very Desire, and is it not the more commendable, seeing that I do it without the Tools for the Trade, and yet nothing complain?" Ladies Almanack is far more overtly sexual than The Well; its cryptic style, full of in-jokes and ornate language, may have been intended to disguise its content from censors. It could not in any case be prosecuted by the Home Office, since it was published only in France, in a small, privately printed edition. It did not become widely available until 1972.

Adaptations and derivative works
Willette Kershaw, an American actress who was staging banned plays in Paris, proposed a dramatisation of The Well of Loneliness. Hall accepted a £100 advance, but when she and Troubridge saw Kershaw act, they found her too feminine for the role of Stephen. Hall tried to void the contract on a technicality, but Kershaw refused to change her plans. The play opened on 2 September 1930. No playwright was credited, implying that Hall had written the adaptation herself; it was actually written by one of Kershaw's ex-husbands, who reworked the story to make it more upbeat. According to Janet Flanner, who reported on the opening night for The New Yorker, Kershaw "made up in costume what she lacked in psychology", with designer boots, breeches and riding crop. Then she changed into a white dress for a final speech in which she "begged humanity, 'already used to earthquakes and murderers', to try to put up with a minor calamity like the play's and the book's Lesbian protagonist, Stephen Gordon". Hall threatened a lawsuit to stop the production, but the issue soon became moot, since the play closed after only a few nights. The public skirmish between Hall and Kershaw increased sales of the novel.
A 1951 French film set in a girls' boarding school was released in the United States as The Pit of Loneliness to capitalise on the notoriety of The Well, but was actually adapted from the novel Olivia, now known to have been written by Dorothy Bussy. A mid-1930s exploitation film, Children of Loneliness, stated it was "inspired by" The Well. Little of Hall's novel can be discerned in its story of a butch lesbian who is blinded with acid and run over by a truck, freeing the naïve young roommate she seduced to find love with a fullback. A critic for the Motion Picture Herald reported that during the film's run in Los Angeles in 1937 – as a double feature with Love Life of a Gorilla – a self-identified "doctor" appeared after the screening to sell pamphlets purporting to explain homosexuality. He was arrested for selling obscene literature.
In 1985, the Mexican writer and social activist Nancy Cárdenas produced a play based on the novel. The play was staged in Mexico City's Fru Fru Theatre and was performed by Irma Serrano and Sonia Infante.

References
Notes
Citations
Sources
Further reading
Armstrong, Mary A. (2008). "Stable Identity: Horses, Inversion Theory, and The Well of Loneliness". Lit: Literature Interpretation Theory. 19 (1): 47–78. doi:10.1080/10436920701884712. S2CID 13118656.
Blackford, Holly (2020). "Seeing Red: The Inside Nature of the Queer Outsider in Anne of Green Gables and The Well of Loneliness". Literary Cultures and Twentieth-Century Childhoods. Springer International Publishing. pp. 75–91. ISBN 978-3-030-35392-6.
Busl, Gretchen (2017). "Drag's Double Inversion: Insufficient Language and Gender Performativity in The Well of Loneliness and Nightwood". English Studies. 98 (3): 310–323. doi:10.1080/0013838X.2017.1283120. S2CID 151475634.
Hill, Emily S. (2016). "God's Miserable Army: Love, Suffering, and Queer Faith in Radclyffe Hall's The Well of Loneliness". Literature and Theology. 30 (3): 359–374. doi:10.1093/litthe/frv013.
McCleery, Alistair (2019). "Banned Books and Publishers' Ploys: The Well of Loneliness as Exemplar". Journal of Modern Literature. 43 (1): 34–52. doi:10.2979/jmodelite.43.1.03. ISSN 0022-281X. S2CID 214024619.
Nair, Sashi (2014). "'Moral poison': Radclyffe Hall and The Well of Loneliness". Secrecy and Sapphic Modernism: Reading Romans à Clef between the Wars. Palgrave Macmillan UK. pp. 36–68. ISBN 978-0-230-35618-4.
Pająk, Paulina (2018). "'Echo Texts': Woolf, Krzywicka, and The Well of Loneliness". Woolf Studies Annual. 24: 11–34. ISSN 1080-9317. JSTOR 26475572.
Roche, Hannah (2018). "An 'ordinary novel': genre trouble in Radclyffe Hall's The Well of Loneliness" (PDF). Textual Practice. 32 (1): 101–117. doi:10.1080/0950236X.2016.1238001. S2CID 156538545.
Spišiaková, Eva (2020). "'We've called her Stephen': Czech translations of The Well of Loneliness and their transgender readings". Target. International Journal of Translation Studies. 32 (1): 144–162. doi:10.1075/target.19107.spi. S2CID 213383610.
Watkins, Susan (2007). "'The aristocracy of intellect': Inversion and Inheritance in Radclyffe Hall's The Well of Loneliness". Scandalous Fictions: The Twentieth-Century Novel in the Public Sphere. Palgrave Macmillan UK. pp. 48–69. ISBN 978-0-230-28784-6.
Zaragoza, Gora (2018). "Gender, Translation, and Censorship: The Well of Loneliness (1928) in Spain as an Example of Translation in Cultural Evolution". Redefining Translation and Interpretation in Cultural Evolution.

External links
Facsimiles of correspondence relating to the seizure of The Well of Loneliness at The National Archives
Letter by Radclyffe Hall about the writing of The Well at the Lesbian Herstory Archives
Radclyffe Hall at Times Online including correspondence, document facsimiles, and text of legal judgments
The Well of Loneliness at Standard Ebooks
The Well of Loneliness at Faded Page (Canada)

 The Well of Loneliness at Project Gutenberg
The Well of Loneliness courtesy of Project Gutenberg Australia
The Well of Loneliness at Google Books

Title: Portal:Current events/2021 July 30


